<!-- youtube-transcripts-people/_raw/aubrey-plaza-good-hang.raw.md -->

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLe9yRkrfCE

Aubrey Plaza | Good Hang with Amy Poehler

Good Hang with Amy Poehler
648K subscribers

Subscribe

69K

Share

Ask

2,339,455 views Aug 19, 2025 Good Hang with Amy Poehler
Aubrey Plaza may or may not have been at the Salem witch trials. Amy hangs with her former 'Parks & Rec' costar and talks about getting run out of her NYU dorm by mice, weirding out Mike Schur, and loving the WNBA.

Host: Amy Poehler
Guests: Margaret Qualley and Aubrey Plaza
Executive Producers: Bill Simmons, Amy Poehler, and Jenna Weiss-Berman
For Paper Kite Productions: Executive producer Jenna Weiss-Berman, coordinator Sam Green, and supervising producer Joel Lovell
For The Ringer: Supervising producers Juliet Litman, Sean Fennessey, and Mallory Rubin; video producers Jack Wilson, Belle Roman, and Aleya Zenieris; lighting director Caroline Jannace; audio producer Kaya McMullen; video editor Drew van Steenbergen; and booker Kat Spillane
Original Music: Amy Miles

Hello everyone. Welcome to another episode of Good Hang. Thank you for being here. We had uh well, look, we're keeping the parks and wreck hits coming because we had Adam Scott last week and we have the great, beautiful, and wonderful Aubrey Plaza joining us. Aubrey, who many of you have wanted to hear from, is here, and we couldn't be more excited. And we talk about a lot of things today. We talk about um how we first met on a playground. Um, we talk about her time as an NBC page and why she got fired. We talk about her love of basketball and we talk about her new movie, Honey Don't, which is in theaters this week. Uh, and so there's just so much good stuff and we're very glad that she was here and that you're here listening. And we always start our episodes the same way. We try to find someone that knows our guest, knows something about them and has a question for them. And we are talking to a great actress today. You know her from The Substance and Maid and many other great films and her beautiful dancing and it is the beautiful and talented Margaret Quali. Margaret, hello. >> This episode of Good Hang is presented by Walmart. Now, everyone's talking about back to school outfits and we all know how expensive that can be to get the shoes and the pants and the whole thing and the shirts and all the things that you need. Walmart has the latest back to school styles for boys and girls starting at just $4. Who knew? So, they've got graphic tees and joggers and colorful backpacks, Spider-Man hoodies, keychain charms, flannel shirts, flared jeans, Crocs. Flare jeans are back. I love it. Who knew? Shopw walmart.com to score their favorite back tochool styles starting at just $4. What do you say? I wanted >> Where are we talking to you from? >> I'm home. I'm home and I'm in a hallway. >> Okay, perfect. >> Yeah, >> it's really good to see you and I know you're doing press. >> I love your podcast, by the way. I've been listening to it. It's so good. >> Thanks, Margaret. Today is a very special day because we have really our most requested guest um coming on today. Like it's, you know, people have really really wanted to hear from and um hear me and Aubrey talk about a lot of things and I'm just so psyched she's here. >> She might be the most like unanimously loved person ever. like >> even like my dad's really not like you know he he like barely has a phone he doesn't have a TV but like when I when he found out I was doing a movie with Aubrey he was like a I [ __ ] love her like man she's so funny like he's so he was so excited I was like she she reached my dad >> she's got the dads >> she but she's got everybody like you I just I just love her. I just think she's the best. >> You know, it's so funny you say that too because I was thinking she's also kids really like Aubrey because she acts like a cat, right? So like dogs come and meet greet you at the door, but cats just kind of chill and wait for you to come to them. And kids really like that. like she never, you know, my I remember my boys on the set of parks and she would just like walk by and say something to them like on the way past them and they'd be like, "Who was that?" >> I'd also imagine that she'd like talk to a kid like an adult. Yes. You know, like just meet them where they are like it's rough out there, right? Like Yeah. >> totally. >> Yeah. Yeah. She's really um as the people like to say, she's she appeals to four quadrants. >> Um and um you guys have worked together. Is this the is Honey Don't which the film that you're you both are in that you're the star of Congratulations coming out very soon. It looks so great. And >> and is this the first time you've worked together, the two of you? >> Yeah, we met on set. I was I've been such a big fan of hers for such a long time. And um I think Parks and Wreck was probably my intro to her, which is just like one of the best shows of all time. And you guys together are so special. Um, but I've I've like felt like I I I think she has that quality where you feel like you know her even when you don't. Um, so like I already loved her so much even before meeting her and uh I would have been so bummed if she didn't like me. I'm projecting on this on you so I don't tell me if I get I'm getting it wrong, but you both to me seem like you know in some ways introverted artists in an extroverted business like do you relate to that? >> Definitely. Yeah. I mean it's like you know the classic case of a look at me don't look at me you know. >> It's totally Yeah. Right. Everybody pay attention. Like what are you looking at? >> I want to show you something. Stop. What a what be alone. >> So what was it like working together on set for for for those that don't know? You guys are what is your dynamic in the film and then what was it like working together? dynamic in the film is I play this like suave detective and she plays this like cool cop and we kind of hit it off right away and it kind of feels like we've like met our match. Like I usually as a character feel like I'm in the power seat and when I come across Aubrey's character that's really challenged and I think she actually is in the power seat. Um, and on set it's it's a really fun set. It's Ethan Cohen and Trisha Cook's movie and they're just great and like they're at once, you know, super accomplished and uh like these like great artists but really don't take themselves seriously. So, it's like a it's a silly laidback goofy fun vibe there. Um, but you know, Aubrey, I think I think in order for somebody to come across, there's like there's a lot to be so effortless takes some effort, you know, and she's like she's she cares like in the best way. She's thoughtful and considerate and um brought so much depth to her character and it was you know just like kind of consistently surprising everyone with just um you know her her the her the thing that she does. Um, >> I think you bring up a really good point, which is, you know, she's she started out anyway, especially on Parks and Wreck, playing like a very disaffected character, but the secret to that character and Aubrey is that she cares very deeply. >> Yeah. >> And um I think people like project on her that she's uh indifferent >> and she's definitely not. >> No. No. I was wondering if you had a question you thought I should ask Aubrey on this day that you'd be curious to know about or or like you want any topic you think we should cover. >> I don't know why the first thing that came to my mind was the Salem witch trials. But >> was she was she in them? Is that the question? >> Probably. You know >> Oh, yeah. What was it like being in the Salem Wish Trials? Margaret, we love you. I c I would love to get you in the stewed >> any anytime. Okay. Lucky. >> Oh, buddy. And and I you know I I know Plaza would will be so happy that you did this and surprised and happy that you did it. And also I know that you and many people in her life have been real big supports and a real circle of love during very tough times. So on behalf of her, I'm going to say thank you and it's so good to love. >> Indeed. >> Thank you for having me. >> Great to see you, cutie pie. >> This episode is brought to you by Volkswagen. Nice things shouldn't be reserved for people who use summer as a verb. They should be for everyone. You, me, the guy at your wedding who thought flannel was black tie appropriate. Enter the 2025 Volkswagen Tiguan. It's elevated, stylish, luxurious, and actually within reach. Did I mention massaging front seats and real wood accents? Visit your local VW dealer or vw.com to learn more about the 2025 Volkswagen Tiguan. >> Aubrey Plaza is here and she has her sunglasses on. And >> I'll take them off if you want. >> Well, I do because they I know, but >> Put them on again. Let me see. I mean, they look very cool. >> What are you doing? That's so creepy. Plazi's here and her sweet dog Frankie is here too. When you wear the glasses, you do look very Howard Stern. >> It's cuz my hair too. >> Yeah. >> Right now it's like >> I mean I it makes you look cool but as an interviewer I don't love it. >> Oh god. >> Sorry. >> Your doggy Frankie is here with you too. >> Yes. >> Tell us about Frankie. >> Okay. Have we started? >> Yeah we started. Oh, and just like that, >> um, Frankie is my dog. Her name is Francis, >> right? >> Fox. >> Um, she's named after Judy Garland. That's Judy Garland's >> real name. >> She's a good dog. >> She's a good dog. She got a little sick this morning. That's why I brought her. I'm not I'm not I'm not like um a bring my dog to work kind of person so much, but she >> Do you ever bring her on set for anything? Do you? >> No. But she's really like with you a lot. >> She is now. Yeah. That's this is a re recent this year recent kind of thing. >> She's like she's like she's like a therapy dog. >> Oh yes. >> In many ways and has always been for you. But it's really been Yeah, >> she is. She's always been like that. >> Well, I mean to just to get it out of the way, people want to see you. I want to see how you are. >> They love you. >> I know. They love you and they want to see you. So, you've had this terrible, terrible, tragic year. >> Yeah. >> You lost your husband. >> You've been dealing with that and you've been looking for all different ways in which to feel and find support. And I think I would on behalf of all the people who feel like they know they know you and the people who do know you, how are you feeling today? Um I'm I mean right in this very very present moment I feel happy to be with you. >> Mhm. >> Um I feel overall I I'm here and I'm functioning and I feel you know like I feel really grateful to be moving >> through the world. I think like I'm okay, >> but you know, it's like a a daily struggle. Obviously, this is like a really dumb analogy, but and it was kind of a joke at a certain point, but like I actually mean it. Did you see that movie The Gorge? >> No. >> Okay. >> Horror movie. >> It's like a alien movie or something with like Miles >> Teller. tell her and um but it's like in the movie there there's like a cliff on one side and then there's like a cliff on the other side and then there's like gorge in between and it's like filled with all these like monster people that are trying to get them and like I swear when I watched it I was like that is like feels like what my grief is like where it's like >> or what grief could be like where it's like at all times there's like a giant like ocean of just awfulness that's like right there and I can like see it and like sometimes I I just want to like >> just dive into it and just like be in it and then and then sometimes I just like look at it and then sometimes I'm like >> I just try to get away from it but it's always there. It's just always >> there and the monster people are trying to get me like Miles Teller. >> Yeah. And and uh >> and Ana Taylor Joy. >> Yeah. who Anya Taylor Joy to me is the is the is example of like the more beautiful you are the more spaced out your eyes are. >> Yes. >> And Rihanna um who and that's how she says it guys. What about Rihanna? Yeah. Rihanna. >> Yes. Check out the clips. >> Not saying it ever. >> Well Rihanna has is so beautiful and her eyes are truly on the side of her head. >> Yeah. Just like a horse. And >> Yes. And >> that's why horses are so beautiful. >> Well, I feel here's how I feel about horses. I feel like horses are fine. >> You hate them? >> I don't hate them. I don't hate them. >> Let's talk about animals. >> I would love to talk about animals. >> No. >> No. Because I feel I feel like I I I I think horses are beautiful and they're a little bit scary to me and I'm like I respect them, but I I'm not I don't really want to be near them. >> And that's not how you feel about Rihanna. >> No. I'd love to truly like be in a stall with Rihanna and feed her a sugar cube cuz she let me. >> I want to talk to you about many things today. >> Okay. >> Okay. Um but the first person I want to talk to is Little Baby Plaza. >> No. >> Why? >> Okay. >> No, I don't need you to act like a baby. >> Oh, okay. >> I just mean I want to talk. >> We're going to do role play. They were going to do real intense roleplay. I have a bunch of hats. >> No. >> Okay. >> No, but because I love Little Young Plaza and I feel like a lot of people don't I I think a lot of people are like Little Young Plaza out there and they see themselves in you. But can you explain what kind of kid you were? >> Oh, okay. I was I mean I think be I would say like before seven I think I was like pretty shy like I was kind of like a >> quiet like lanky kind of >> I don't know freakish kind of kid maybe um really thin hair like my ponytail was like looked like this just like one little strand basically I would try to have ponytails, but >> your hair looks really good right now. >> It's It's got thicker. It gets thicker as I >> pieces in. No >> [ __ ] It >> gets thicker as I get older. >> It's gotten really thick. >> Tina Fay, watch out, Pitch. >> Watch out. >> Um, watch out. I'm coming for you. >> She's going to brush that hair. I've got a real brush. >> Tina Fay. >> Nobody's going to beat Tina's hair. >> Um, >> nobody. >> Watch me. >> Sorry, babe. My money's on Tina. You I've seen that hair. It's incredible. >> Watch me. I was definitely around a lot of people like hectic kind of you know childhood I think so like I was a I was like definitely an observer but like definitely living in my imagination like I could just imagine things all day long. >> Where did you grow up? >> Um grew up in Delaware, Wilmington, Delaware. >> Um yeah. Ever heard of it? >> Nope. >> Never been Never heard of it. >> Joe Biden. The land of Joe Biden. >> Joe Biden. >> Um >> who we met. Yeah. >> Who we met. Well, you've met many times. >> Oh, yeah. >> But, you know, for people fast forward to when we were in parks, we got to go when um President Biden was in Vice President Biden. We got to go to >> I'll never forget it. >> And it was pretty pretty exciting. >> It was amazing. >> It was amazing. It was super super fun. And I've told this story before, but Aubrey stole something from his desk. >> Yeah, I did. >> I stole there was we were getting a tour of his office and of the White House, right? And I saw a little like vice president monogrammed notebook piece of paper that said like Aubrey Plaza and then like three facts about me like Wilmington, Delaware, Ursulan Academy. >> We met we met blah blah blah cuz that's what the politicians all do. They get their little and then you're like oh my god how did he remember you know? >> Um and I swiped it and Mike Sher was like you cannot >> steal some do you think? And I was like, "Oh, shut up, Mike." And he was like, "We're literally in the White House." And I was like, "We are >> weigh." And you didn't get in trouble. You No one ever knew. >> No one knew. I am kind of surprised that there's no like alarm system in there. >> There's nothing in there. It's like a house of >> It is. It is weird how janky the White House actually is. >> Jank as [ __ ] >> It is janky as [ __ ] >> I didn't see any cameras. >> And it is like It's like SNL. Like you go in there, you're like, "This is the White House." Like this light sucks. >> You're like that pillow is disgusting. >> It's like >> it's like a hotel room used by for a million years. >> I know. >> It is bad. It's weird. But you know, now it's going to be big and beautiful. It has to be gorgeous now. >> Um Okay. So then you're in Delaware. What kind of shows did you do as a little kid? Like what were your like parts that you were that you got to sink into? >> Baby Plaza Theater was the Wilmington Drama League. I went there. My older cousin was doing The Crucible and I remember just watching and being like, "Oh my god, this is so cool." And then I auditioned. I think the first thing >> Oh, yeah. The first thing I got was Hansel and Gretle. >> Um, >> you played >> chorus tree. >> Okay. >> Tree number four, maybe. >> No small part. No small trees. >> Yeah, actually. Yeah, I was um actually um fun fact, I got my period um >> nice >> on stage at the drama league. Um, >> you use that. You just used it. You were like, "I'm going to use this." >> I ble I went I started bleeding and then my cousin took me in the bathroom and I was like, "What's happening?" >> And she was like, "You're bleeding." And then I was like, "Get on out there. The show must go on." And then I did. And I was like, >> and you were like, and you felt totally different. You were like, "My G is a woman now." >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> It was awesome. >> That's exciting. >> Um, I was mainly in the course a lot. I always wanted to be, you know, like Annie or whatever. Um, but I never but the bigger the big part that I got that like kind of changed things for me was um I got the ugly stepsister and Cinderella >> and I really wanted to be Cinderella like all everybody >> and then >> and then they were like ugly stepsister and I was like damn it >> cuz I know that's the better part. >> It was the better part and it taught me like I brought down the house with my song and it taught me like comedy is where it's at. I was like I'm getting all the laughs. I was like Cinderella sucks. I bet you have the same memory that I have is like when you get your first laugh that you mean to get like people laugh at you but when you get a laugh that you mean to get >> it's like becoming a vampire. >> Yeah. >> Like you're like >> Yeah. You're like I'm fully realized like I have all the power. >> Yeah. I can do anything. >> It's the best feeling. >> Yeah. Okay. Then you graduate. You go to NYU. >> Then I graduated. Then I went to NYU. >> So do you remember like like arriving in New York City and what that was like? Um, it was crazy. Yeah, I was like I mean I was so ready to go to New York mainly because of UCB um >> which is people listening is a sketch and improv theater that myself and Matt Besser Ian Roberts Matt Walsh started in 90 we moved to the city in 96. So you were arriving when? >> I came to the city in 2002. Mh. >> Um, but like growing up I I knew about UCB before, you know, I went to New York. And >> how did you know about it? Just curious. Like >> Neil Casey, >> I mean, we Neil is was one of my best friends growing up. Is still one of my best friends. Um, he was a bit older than me and he was really into comedy. He showed me like Mr. Show and Kids in the Hall and like we got really into and obviously Saturday Night Live was like really big for me growing up too. So like we just Yeah. But we were like super big comedy nerds and part of the reason I wanted to go to NYU and go to New York is to take classes at UCB. So that was like I was like ready. I was like >> And you were like studying in taking classes at the same time. You were doing both. >> Yeah. I started doing it like immediately. >> What were you majoring in at NYU? I don't think I know. >> I majored in film. Um like directing and writing >> more than almost anyone I know. Love studying, watching and talking about movies. You love movies. >> I love movies. All I need is movies. I don't need anything else or anyone else. >> But movies, um, what do you do with your phone when you're watching a movie? Are you able to fully You are You're really good. >> I am. And I'm not just saying that. I think I am. I'm also really not good at technology. I'm like a I'm a real boomer like person when it comes to >> I will say you when it comes to technology I have a memory that you you've taught me many lessons but I remember one time I was texting on the set of parks to someone who was bothering me or like asking something from me. I forget what what the situation was and I was like composing this really long text and you grab my phone and you just type no and you send it to >> really you don't remember that? No, I don't remember anything. >> And it was um >> really >> it was very uh illuminating cuz it was just basically like it really underneath it was like first of all don't be like beholden to your phone like >> life is happening around you and also you don't owe anybody any long explanation. >> Wow. >> I know. So you remember that? >> No. I feel like that's something you would do to me. I feel like you taught me how to say no. >> Well maybe I taught it and then forgot it and then you did it back to me. >> Wow. >> Like like uh karate kid style. Mhm. >> Um, okay. So, then you go to New York. Where do you live when you're in the dorms? >> I go to New York. My parents dropped me off on um Third Avenue and um 11th Street. >> Oh my god. I used to live right around there near Webster Hall. >> Yeah. I lived right on I lived in the Third North dorms. And then I ended up moving. I got out of the dorms earlier than you're like technically allowed to because >> there was like a mice issue >> and so >> there were too many mice in the and they were like, "You have to leave." Like the mice took over. >> The mice took over to the point where I will never forget I was on the top bunk >> and I was being very quiet cuz I was like reading a book or something and like nobody else was. >> You were as quiet as a mouse. >> I was as quiet as a mouse. Um, and I literally was just like reading for like I don't know maybe 20 minutes or something and all the sudden >> there was a Thanksgiving Day parade of mice. They were like having trumpets. They were like and they all just started parading back and forth like selling things and it was like a flea market. They came out and they were like it was insane. And like I was like and I was like I couldn't >> on your floor >> on the ground like like in our clothes like in our It was like a messy room too. So it was like they were just like like they had like were wearing my clothes. They were like running around dancing like they were just >> they were like those Richard Scary books. Remember those things where it was like like they were like building they were like in little cars driving a hot dog car. >> Yes. It was insane. And I was like screaming. I was like this is [ __ ] disgusting. >> And NYU was like you got to get out. Yeah, they were like, "Be quiet and get out." Um, so I got out and then I move and then I moved right down the block to Second and 11th. I got in with these like older musical theater girls that like took me in >> and then I lived there for a couple years >> and then you studied at UCB >> and then a lot of people don't know that you well I mean I think some people know because you talked about it on SNL but then you found you got an internship at SNL. >> Oh yes. >> How did you get that? I So I faxed my resume. >> Amazing. >> Remember that? >> That's amazing. >> Where are you looking? >> I don't know. >> The audience. >> I'm just looking over here. I'm looking at my facts. >> I imagined like that. >> I'm looking I'm checking to see if I got any other faxes. >> Hello. >> Um yeah, I faxed my resume to every department. Um because there was there was just like a number there was like a paper on some wall at NYU that had like all the department numbers. It was like 212 667 212 like down or 664 whatever it was 66. >> Um >> remember 212? >> Oh yeah. >> I still have a 212 number. >> I'm so jealous. I wish I had a landline. I still have a landline. >> That's nice. >> Yeah. >> But yeah, I fax my resume to every department. Um, and I didn't get anything. And then on a Friday night on the week of their of the 2005 season, >> um, I got a call from the design department. And they were like, >> we got your resume like, we need someone like, can you come interview? And it was Regina Dico, if you remember, Regina, >> of course. >> And I was like, um, yeah. I was like, I'm available. It was like Friday at like, I want to say like 400 p.m. or 5:00 p.m. or something. She's like, she's like, "How about right now?" And I was like, "Okay." And so then I like went up to 30 Rock immediately saw Ben Affleck. >> Sure. Just there. >> Who was like I guess he was hosting that episode. I just like remember how crazy it was just walking in the for the first time cuz I was just interviewing so I was like I didn't know what was going on but it was a Friday night so I guess they were >> rehe blocking or whatever rehearsing. Um, and they had they had fired the design department only ever had one intern. Couldn't cut it. Yeah. Mainly because he wanted to be in design. >> Yeah. >> And um >> and they were like, "You no >> Yeah. You can't. >> No. He was like, "So the blueprints of the" And they were like >> like, "Get the [ __ ] out of here." >> Literally, they were like, "Fuck off." And he was like, "Um, and then I came in and they were like, "Do you care about design?" And I was like, "No." And they were like, "Can you start now?" And I was like, "Yeah." Um, >> what is the design part of SNL for people that don't know? Like, what does design what does the design do? Because it's a big, it's very important part of the show. >> There's you, you have to imagine the sets have to be built somehow. >> Yeah. >> And very fast. >> Yeah. >> Um because basically, as you know, on Tuesday night's the writing night, and then Wednesday night is when all the sketches get chosen. >> Yeah. And so there's really only Wednesday to Saturday and then they have to like figure out all the sets in between. >> I remember what I had to do was like once the I was there all Wednesday night like until 3:00 in the morning or whatever and then once the sketches were picked I would they would like send they would be like go in the filing c literally in the filing cabinet and find restaurant number 72 or something. >> Wow. And then I would like sift through and find these like um blueprints I guess for >> whatever. And then I would just watch them and they would like draw stuff and and that's it. And then the the other job I had was to take continuity photos >> and that was cool cuz you guys would be rehearsing >> and I'd be like and everyone thought I worked there. I had a camera around whatever and I just was like very quiet and just kind of like >> taking pictures of of the sets of the plants of the things. >> I mean it blows my mind that we were sharing. I mean, >> you were there. >> I like I stalked you. I I I think now about the people that are crossing our lives right now that are like in our proximity that we don't know yet that it's like it it's really cool that we were in the same physical space and we didn't know each other. >> It's so crazy. It still blows my mind. >> And then you were giving tours and >> I was giving tours. Yeah. >> And a lot of people know that you just gave you just made stuff up while you Yeah. I got fired. I didn't get fired, but I got pretty much encouraged to leave. pretty quickly. >> Yeah. What were some things you would make up? Do you remember? >> I mean, no, I don't remember like specific thing. I feel like there was one thing um this is when I was a page I like there was one speech I had to give about like I guess it was like uh Conan's studio or something that that studio and and it was like very cold and it was there was just like weird facts where they'd be like does anyone you know know why it's so cold in the studio and people would be like why is it so cold because of the lights and I'd be like no because in 1956 they had penguins on the show and the penguins needed to be cold so they wouldn't die and they forgot to turn the heat down after that. So, it's been cold since like 1956 and people would be like, "Well, that's interesting." Okay. Then you get you're you're like doing comedy, doing shows, and we meet not on SNL even though we're in the same building, but we meet on the set of Parks and Wreck. And for people that don't know, like you had a crazy week when you got hired. >> Mhm. >> You got like three jobs that same week. What happened that week you were hired on Parks? >> So I basically I was like trying to get a part in Funny People, the Jud Appatile movie with Seth Rogan and Adam Sandler. And I went through kind of this whole vetting process in New York and then enough where Allison Jones who cast that movie and Parks and Wreck was called me and was like, "All right, like you made it to the chemistry read stage, so you have to come out to LA and read with Seth and see if you get the part basically." Um, >> and so but I didn't really have an agent or anything and I kind of had to like pay my way, you know, to go out there, so it was like a little bit janky, but I got myself out there. um to do that. And then while I was out in LA for that week to do the funny people thing, Allison was like, "How would I send you on some other things? Like, how do you feel about that?" And so, yeah. So, one of them was >> she wanted me to go meet Mike Sher and Greg Daniels who at the time were shooting on The Office and they were shooting they were on the set of The Office. So, she sent me to the set of The Office and um and I and I didn't even I guess at that time I didn't realize like I didn't think like oh I could these meetings >> Yeah. >> will get me a job. I didn't >> I think it's one of the things about being young that's kind of nice is you're not really aware what you're actually like what's at stake. >> No, definitely not that. I mean if it was an audition obviously I know like all right I'm gonna get the part or not but like >> general meetings I didn't really get the vibe of that. >> How old were you then? I was 24, 23, 23 maybe. Um, but so then I went to the set of the office and I was so starruck. I see in my horse eye >> BJ Noac and Mindy Kaling walked by and I was like, "Oh my god." I was like, "They're in the show." or whatever. And Mike Sh is like, "Hello." >> And he's like at his desk like and I'm like, "What?" And then I just met him for like he describes it. He really embellishes this story. I think >> he loves this story. >> He loves it. But he's like and then I met the weirdest person. I'm like >> there's no bigger fan of Aubrey Plaza than Mike Sher. >> Yeah. Right. Um, he loves it though because I think like I mean it just speaks to honestly the fact that you've always been yourself confidently yourself and you don't have a vibe of like you don't you are the opposite of a pick me as the kids would say like you you do not have that vibe and and that draws people in and I think he was like who is this person >> Yeah. >> who seems mad at me >> while I try to give her a job. Yeah, literally. And why are you wearing jean shorts in a general meeting? >> Like ripped jean shorts. >> And you were like, I didn't know what this was. >> No. And then I got a phone call and they were like, you're on a TV show. I'm like, what? No. >> But then >> which one? What? What? You're like The Office. >> Yeah. I literally probably said that. I didn't know what was going on. And then they were like, um, actually you got the part, but actually you have to audition to play yourself. You don't have to name names, but I wonder who else was up to play you. >> I don't think that anyone. >> Oh, right. It was just one person. >> I think they just made me do it like for the network or something. I think I found out later. I mean, maybe not. I don't know. It was probably like, you know. >> Yeah, >> it was you, Sharon Stone, and Gina Gershon. Yeah. So you get the part, we're on the set and then like I mean we could do a whole obviously we could do a whole episode about our experiences there and there are so like I mean I don't the best thing about our relationship I feel like is I don't like all like a lot of I think longl lasting relationships is you don't always like remember how you met. Like >> I just remember like just >> I just have this vision of you being next to me on the set of that show and me being like welcome like you know Leslie was supposed to be like welcoming >> April and April was supposed to be like what am I doing here and Amy was welcoming Aubrey and Aubrey was like what am I doing here? >> Truly. Yeah. >> I mean I I remember when we first met and it I think I told you this story. It was um the promos that we shot. >> That's right. >> And which was weird because we hadn't shot the show yet. >> And the rest of the cast hadn't even been cast yet. I think at that point it was just like Aziz, me, you. >> Yeah. >> Maybe another. Yeah. I don't think we had Nick yet or >> I don't think so. But they had me and I was there like physically there. So they shot this promo of us on a swing set >> and that's when I met you like officially for the first time and I think I was literally on a swing like a child like and I was like >> and I was like just don't make any sudden movements. >> Um and swinging >> except swinging and then you which is kind of good cuz swinging is really good sematically >> for me like I like um but then yeah you came over and we were both just swinging like little babies. That's how we met >> on a swing. We met on a playground which is kind of nice. >> Really nice. And it feels like the show was that like it it was it felt like a true like playground space. It really was like we I mean I loved and love working with you. I love playing with you. I love acting with you. >> I love you as an actor. I love you as a person. I love your >> acting plazi. You know how good I think you are. >> I love playing with you. And I feel like our dynamic or like the arc of of um in many ways like April had the biggest growth in the show. She goes from truly not wanting to be where she is to like, you know, ending the show like with some kind of purpose and a a love in her life and like some also like a she kind of stands up for what she doesn't want to do, which is a big part of your 20s. Like, >> but um when you started that character, when you started her, did you have any idea where you thought it would go? Now, did you have any, you know, did you did you see Yeah. >> No, I just No, I think I just once I realized like, oh, what's so fun about this character is that like >> it's a game of not showing anyone that I really care. >> Yes. And like once I locked into that, it was a real like it felt like there was no limit to like the growth or like what could happen because >> if you hint that there's something else going on. It's like you can kind of >> play with that and also in different ways with every different character. So I feel like maybe on an unconscious level, but >> I felt like oh there's so much to play with even though it feels really subtle and simple. Yeah, that was her secret is she cared but she pretended she didn't. And so when it would pop out, it was so satisfying. >> Yeah, >> it was so funny and good. And the ways in which she tried to keep >> those things hidden were so funny. >> Yeah. >> And then I think just the Andy April thing was such an organic like I had no idea that was going to become a thing until that one episode. >> So let's talk about that. So Andy uh prayed uh played by Chris Pratt. Um and you um April and Andy had an episode where a bunch of us were off like doing the like a harvest. We're at the harvest festival. We're at some festival. >> I don't know where you guys were. >> We were doing something together and >> or you were like camping or something. >> Oh maybe. Oh yeah. I don't know. >> And so they put you guys in the office and just said like let's see what happens to these two characters when they hang out. >> Yeah. And basically the chemistry that those characters had was the building block for why they eventually became like the the real romantic love story of the show other than Leslie and Anne. >> Yeah. >> Cuz Anne doesn't deserve >> Don't talk about Ann. >> Sorry. >> But what do you remember of that day? >> I have a V. Well, Greg Daniels directed the episode, which I I will always remember because he was so delighted. Like he had such a like little kid energy and he was so he just was like very willing to like let's just try things and >> we had a whole day where we were just playing it. It was like kind of like what you said like the office like the bull room or bullpen the bullpen. Um the bowl room the bullpen like became a playground and I I just remember >> I have an image of like us sitting under the table. We were like under that main table for a while like I don't even know what we were doing down there. >> Um but we were under there and I just remember >> I don't know it just felt it it was so fun. It just felt like I remember before then there was I think it was like the finale of the maybe the first season or >> I don't remember what season, but >> there was a very subtle moment where we're all in a group. We're in a circle and um Andy's like saying something about his band or he's like something about like I think like this band name is cool or whatever and everyone else is like no and April's and I was just like I like it and it was like an improvised thing but I do you remember that where where I remember being like and then I remember >> like knocking on Mike Shur's like door and being like listen I was like April loves Andy and April thinks Andy is cool because he's so not cool that he's cool. Do you understand? And Mike was like, "Get out of here." And I was like, "You I was like, "You better listen to me." Um, and then >> Oh, you did. You knocked on his door. >> It was like I Yeah, it was it was more like just the little conversation. that was it was like a it was like a layer to that character because you become his advocate like and that's the part of April that like is like another interesting layer is like again she acts like nothing matters and she's um you know completely disaffected but she's actually very fiercely loyal. >> Yeah. >> And very um and like sticks up for people she believes in which I think is a charact character trait of you too. Like you're very you're a very loyal friend. >> Yeah. you're a really really protective friend. Um, and you really stick up for people who you love. And that side of it was so great because then we got to see her like manage him, care about the band, >> see potential for him that he didn't see in himself. >> Mhm. >> And he was just like, I can't believe how lucky I am. >> And I remember when the writers had you guys get married, we were all like, what? Like >> I know that was insane. That was Do you What do you remember of that day shooting it? >> We There was a lot of crying. You cried. >> I mean, >> I love a wedding. >> You c I remember you like cried in the kitchen and then you were like crying like off camera and I was like, "Stop." >> You cried that much. >> Yes, you did. You like literally cried all day. It was so weird. >> I was so happy you were in love. >> You were like crying all day. There was like I was like, >> "I'm not crying all day." >> I was like, "We're not even the camera." I was like, "We're in my trailer. Like, why are you doing this?" And you were like, "How do you feel?" I'm like, >> "Oh my god, no idea. >> I'm ordering a salad for lunch. Like, this is my job." >> I was crying cuz you were crying so hard and I was worried that we weren't going to get the shot. I was crying cuz I was sad at how much you were crying. >> I don't think so. >> I think that you thought it was real and >> Yeah. I assumed it was legally binding. Yeah. >> But it was so good. And the And the And the vows were so funny. >> Yeah. >> And the wedding was so stupid. >> Stupid. Okay. I mean, I guess like when do you wa have you rewatched Parks and Wreck? >> Nope. >> What? I'm finding this out. Okay. >> I wouldn't even know how. >> Shut up. >> Okay. Okay. >> You ask me how >> you've never wa the big giant screen that you watch your movies on. How does it work? These days I wouldn't. >> And go to go to >> go to what? >> Type in where the search is. >> How? Someone tell me. >> Peacock. >> No. >> Yes. Yes. Go there or go to iTunes. >> I wish I knew how. >> Um or go to, you know, um uh >> just just pick up your controller and just wreck into it and it'll come up. >> Okay. It's probably not the right one. Go to your DVDs. You love your DVDs. >> I wish I had one right now. >> Um, but so you've never rewatched it? >> No. >> I don't know what's wrong with you guys. I >> If it comes on in a hotel room, I literally throw something. I throw it. >> Adam says literally break. >> Adam says the watching the show makes him sad. >> Nick has told me he has not rewatched it. >> Liar. He jerks off to it every night. >> You know, he sits there and like touches himself. You're so right. He's got it on right now. >> Nick, Tammy, >> you're right. He does watch it for Tammy. >> His real wife, Megan Mali. >> They get off on that. They watch it together. >> They watch You're so right. They watch it together and they and then they just slap each other in the face. >> They're disgusting. >> They're totally so disgusting. Nick, I know you're listening. You're not fooling anybody. >> I remember like that episode with with April and Ron. That very first >> I love that episode. thing when we got to play together. I remember like knocking on his door and being like >> I canceled all your meetings today or whatever and us just the silence >> the silences between us. The thing that I love so much about Leslie and April's relationship is that Leslie had a plan for April that and she kept kind of whispering to April, you know, like 2016 a version of like feminism like you can do it all, you can do whatever you want. >> She was like women belong in the kitchen. That that game I love to play the tradife thing. She was always like >> so good. I mean >> she was like we must respect our man. And Leslie Nope would be like, "No, April." No. She'd be like, "You must bend over for your man." I feel like you did you improvise that? >> It feels like improvised. >> Two more things about Parks. Uh what we had so many fun guest stars come in and like you connected with some of them in interesting ways. >> Yeah. Who do you remember just like love like just being like oh I just like loving the because I I feel like my job on set was to be like welcome you know and you got to just come up later and be like what do you think of this like you definitely >> be like it's kind of crazy around here >> want to see something insane or whatever. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. You were the cool you were cool kids. >> One of the ones I'll never forget is Patricia Clarkson. >> Yes. >> Totally made out with her. never made it on on the show. >> We should talk about if I made out on the set, not in the trailers. >> Oh, sure, sure. >> Yeah, >> sure. Um >> although Patty would probably be fine with both. That was incredible. And April really fell for Tammy one. >> Yeah. Yeah. She was Tammy one. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Sure. >> I mean, one could argue that Ron's mom was the original Tammy. >> Oh, right. Right. >> Played by Paula Pel. But >> Oh, yeah. That was a good one. >> Yeah. Tammy. But she was Tammy 1 and Mali was Tammy 2. Who else did you love? >> I loved her. Um, [ __ ] my brain is so broken. I remember Sam Elliot. >> I'll throw some people out. You love Sami. >> Sam Elliot always pops on. I love Sam. >> You love the actor that played Orin on Parks and R. >> Oh my god. Orin. >> Remember Orin? Or >> love Orin. He was so funny and so weird. >> He was so funny. >> He was like a um like a vampire boy. >> Yeah. >> That was always like lurking in the shadows. >> Eric Eisenhower. Eric >> played Orin and But Eric wasn't really the vampire boy, I think, in in real life, but he >> No, but in character like method. >> Yes. >> And I really appreciated that. Like even when we weren't shooting, he'd be kind of like, "Did you try the hummus or whatever?" And I'd be like, "Yes, Warren. >> I, you know, >> yes, >> whatever." Um, who else? >> You also uh helped us, >> you helped us secure the mayor. who really helped us get Bill Murray on show. >> Bill Murray, >> how did >> All you have to say to Bill Murray is you're playing a cadaavver. And he's like, I'm in. >> Do you remember when I don't know if you remember this, but do you remember when Chris Bosch was on the show, the basketball player? Chris Bosch. He was a Miami He player. >> Oh, yes. >> And he was a we like had like different beat basketball like Roy. Um >> Yeah, we had Roy. Yes. Yeah. Chris Bosch. Yes. He was he was with like Aziz and um was he like John >> Ralph? Yeah. Entertainment 720. >> Yeah. But like I don't know if you know the story. It was a very quick story, but it was so stupid. But I was a really big Chris Bosch fan. So like I was like, "Oh my god, like I can't believe he's coming. Like this is insane." I was like, "I want to play a prank on him." >> Do you know this? No. And so he had to go through hair and makeup, but you know, he I think had very little hair and you know, whatever. Um didn't need makeup cuz he's a guy or whatever. Um, but you know how they always put them through the works anyway. So I was like, I'm going to pretend to be the hair stylist >> and I think it was it Terry maybe was in there and you know how she had those glasses or whatever. So I was like, Terry, give me your glasses or I can't remember whatever. And I'm thinking like this is going to be hilarious cuz >> it's going to be me and he'll be like, "Haha, it's you." Um, so I like pretend to be Terry. like at her station >> and then he goes through like makeup first and they're like, "You look good, you know, a little powder and you're good." And then he like went and he was like, "Yeah, yeah, thanks a lot." And then he sat down in my chair and I was like, "Well," >> and I looked at him and I was like, "What are we going to do today?" And I was like doing like a dumb thing. And he didn't make any eye contact with me. He was just looking down and he was so sweet, but he didn't make eye contact. He was just like, "Yeah, whatever you think." >> Oh, no. And you were like, >> and I was like, "Well, I think that you're looking pretty good, sir." And he'd be like, "Yeah, I'm so I'm good. All right." And I'd be like, "Well, you're not that good." And then it was like, I just kept it going. And someone videotaped it. And it was >> so awkward. Didn't recognize me at all. Didn't know who I was. Don't think he ever knew who I was. Not once. >> Chris Bosch isn't going to be watching the show before he comes in. He's too busy. >> I was. He thought I was uh >> he thought you were a hair person and like the PA are like we really need him on set. I'm like well he's almost done in my department of hair >> and then basically it just died >> and he never you never >> Nope. >> Well Chris is probably listening so now you know >> never not once. >> Did you even work with him on set that day? Did >> never saw him again. Literally never saw him again ever in my life. >> Oh my god. I mean people should know you're a big basketball fan. >> Yeah. I mean, you're you're you big WNBA fan. >> Yeah, I love it. >> You're a big Liberty fan and many other teams. What do you like about basketball? What do you like? You're you're you're good at basketball. >> Thank you. >> Welcome. >> Um I grew up playing basketball. I I just love the game. My sister and I um we just were a ball ballin kind of family. My dad was like coaching our teams and I once went to an all girls high school um in Delaware called Ursland Academy and we were really known for our basketball team like first we would you know be the best in the state. Elena Deladon went to my school. She's like one of the best WNBA players ever. >> Um so I just kind of grew up loving the sport. Um and then yeah the my sister Natalie really introduced me to the W. Um, and it was kind of before the kind of Caitlyn Clark effect as they call it. >> Um, she well we but even before that before that we joined a women's uh basketball league in LA. Um and we and there was a lot of parks people like Allison Becker was you know a lot of comedians >> Shaam Tweep um was on was on one of the teams >> and there was a whole movement like around that time like 10 years ago in LA where like just women were playing basketball and like really playing um and it was so fun. And then kind of after that I tore my ACL um on the court. That's I mean I'm pretty baller. Yeah. I mean >> it's happened twice. It did it again last year. >> I know. It's it's it's very cool. >> Thank you. >> I know it's the biggest pain in the ass. Like it's a nightmare to tear your ACL. But like being iced on the court, it looks cool. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> I Well, the first time it wasn't so cool cuz I was actually playing in I was wearing a wig and I was playing in disguise. Um and truly >> You were pretending to be the hair department. >> I was Yeah. I was pretending to be Terry. >> Yeah. >> On the court. >> Okay. So, we got to talk about your other stuff. There's so much stuff that you've done. Like, I you I don't even I don't even know where to start. Ply, you're such a good actor. I You've done for people that perhaps don't know, you have done a million gazillion movies. You've been in White Lotus. You've done Emily the Criminal, one of my favorite performances of yours. You've done uh you've worked with um >> what's his name? You know, the most famous um you work with Michael >> Robert Dairo. Robert Dairo. You've worked with the other Mike Bobby Dairo. You've worked with the other guy Copala. >> You've worked you've been in his movies. Yeah. >> You've been in um you've been in like incredible you incredible Black Bear. You've been in I mean I I I should know your IMDb. >> It's enough. >> Is that enough? >> Yeah. >> It feels like it's not. It just scratched the surface. Applause. So I guess my question to you is and it is a genuine question. Hold on. Agatha down the road down my witches road road. >> Um I mean a lot of people think that you were playing yourself in Parks and Wreck, but is it true that you were actually playing yourself in Agatha? >> Of course. >> Yeah. >> That was the closest um the most blurred the lines have ever gotten for me. >> Yeah. Yeah, >> when I was holding the dagger >> in the woods. >> I mean, that was so exciting to watch. I mean, that that >> part was bananas. >> It was crazy. >> And um the the response to that show, talk about your hagghads. Talk about >> I know my baby hags love that [ __ ] >> Baby hags. Sorry. >> Going crazy. They're called baby hags, please. >> Excuse me. Baby hags. Um people I mean there's something about you that like is just witch adjacent like you're organically have a witch vibe as you said you were called that early on like what is it about your fascination you've written about the Christmas witch you've played a witch Christmas witch is your great children's book and it's a great book by the way >> thank you >> um you and Murf um >> you know we have a new book coming out >> um that just came out on the shelves right now >> tell us about it >> it's called Luna and the Witch throw a Halloween party. It's a Halloween party. >> Yes. What do you love about What is it about that witch? Your your your production company is called Evil Hag. What is it about witches >> and you? >> I you know it's like I can't pinpoint exactly where that seeped in, but I will say I grew I think where I grew up has a there's a witchy vibe >> in the woods of Delaware. First of all, it's an old state, the first state, in fact. Um, and so I think I kind of grew up kind of always, I don't know, feeling witchy in the woods. But also, I think that there's a blood a bloodline thing happening, you know, in my family with the women in my family. I think >> wait say again. >> Like I think I feel like I have ancestral like witch witches in my life. Like >> well I mean you really your family feels like a a matriarchy like you have sisters. You have really strong women in your family >> and it feels like that's been that feeling has been passed on >> definitely on both sides too. >> On both sides right on your dad's side too. And I have like Basque blood >> and um and I found out about this years ago when I went went to visit I went to visit like the area where supposedly like some of my family's from >> and there's this town called Zugara which is on the border of France and Spain and northern Spain in the Basque region and it's apparently where like >> all thousands of witches would like convene in this in these caves which I went to visit. it and um and like the you know we talk about Salem witch trials like that was like 200 witches what you love that [ __ ] >> Boston >> well what >> that was it's funny that you bring up the Salem rich witch trials >> why >> because we talked to Margaret Quali today about you did yes who is so nice >> I know I love her >> I know and she loves you >> I know we have a really sweet little connection there >> and we got to talk about and you know it's my favorite part of this in many ways is to here is to talk well behind someone's back. And she was saying, which you know I know firsthand because of the love and support I feel from you and um our history together. But she was talking about how like you are a real girls girl. you are like, you know, you really support women, you love women, you take good care of them, you feel supported and loved by them, and you surround yourself with really strong, interesting women who um who uh who you learn from and and teach to all the time. >> And but she her question was, "What were the Salem witch trials like?" >> What [ __ ] >> Honestly, they were fun. >> Alexis, >> they were fun. and Alexis. >> Alexis, they were fun. >> They were fun. They were hilarious. Like, everyone was freaking out. And I was just like, you guys are like so stupid. Like, >> but I definitely can see you back in the day being uh on >> I would love it. >> What do you think that was the best part about playing a witch on Agatha? The best part for me was just like cackling because I went I had this one scene like this one part at the end where like and I don't even know why but it was I think cackling there's something about cackling I swear that is like really um therapeutic. >> Well, it's probably sematic like you >> it's like screaming but it's like you you think like why are witches cackling? Where does that come from? I feel like it's must be some oldtimey way that women were like working out their rage and cuz I'm not very tapped into that my rage and whatever. But like >> when I really let loose and am able to like cackle or whatever like it it's I don't know. I just it it feels good for me and I really took that and ran with it. And like the scene in Agatha where I'm like sitting I'm like sitting on top of the house >> and like the and I'm on a wire cuz I'm like flying down there and she's down on the ground going like you know and like screaming at me and I was just like and I was cackling like crazy but I went really crazy with it >> and um and it felt good. >> Felt good. It felt really good to just be like just let loose. >> Speaking of Margaret Quali movie Honey Don't >> Honey Don't. >> You're in it with her. >> Yeah. >> And uh who directed it and how did you and how did Tell us about it. >> Um Mr. Ethan Cohen directed it. Um of the Cohen brothers. >> Um and Ethan wrote it with his wife Trish. Trisha Cook. >> And um how did I get involved in it? Like how do you pick why I mean I find your the way you choose parts really interesting. How do you choose what you're going to do next? >> I mean I think it's just it's a I mean a lot of the things that I do I feel like are somewhat self-generated because I've produced like five movies and you know I read scripts and you know I've done I like that >> approach. You develop things from the ground up. >> Yeah. Like I mean I did that really that's what I've done a couple times but then you know as an actor you also get offers sometimes you know >> but I think people think a lot of times that like actors just like sit there and wait and are sifting through like 10 offers or whatever but it's never like that. It's always kind of >> different than that. But this one I don't know how I choose. I think a lot of it's kind of has to do with like what I feel like kind of diving into energetically or like character-wise cuz I tend to really like go there and so I don't >> there are certain things that I just >> even if the script's like really good or or if it's like you got to work with you know Glenn Powell or whatever it's like I don't you got to work with >> I know but I don't I don't want to >> I You can. >> No, >> he's he's he's neighbors with Jack McBreer. >> I don't All right, fine. I'll do it. >> I'm definitely interested in like doing the opposite of what I just did or like, you know, the the honey don't >> um thing. To me, honestly, it was like mind-blowing that a Cohen brother wanted to work with me, you know? I was like, "Oh my god." Like, >> everybody wants to work with you, honey. >> Tarantino, where the [ __ ] are you? >> Oh, Tarantino. Sorry. Do your ear muffs. Close your ear muffs. Tarantino will do anything. I'll do anything. Tarantino. >> Absolutely. Tarantino. Anything you want. I am her manager. I am her manager. She will not do anything. And the feet are off the table. >> Tarantino. It's Aubrey. Guess what? I'll do anything you want. Babe, >> it's extra for the feet. Honey. >> Naked in heels. Tarantino. >> Got to get immediate call from Quinton Tarantino. >> Can't wait. God, I can't wait for whatever is the scary ass [ __ ] he's going to make put me through again. >> Don't care. You think I didn't care before? How about now? Definitely don't care about anything. >> No, Quinton. No, we're going to Okay. But so you what? >> But but this brings me But you But what do you like? Because you have worked with a lot of different directors. You work and you've and you want to direct, right? >> Yeah. >> I mean, you have directed already, >> but you want to do that more. >> Yeah. I mean, I've never directed a movie. Well, you've directed TV. >> No, I haven't. >> You haven't? >> Well, I d I directed Yes. I directed a an episode of a Showtime show called Cinema Toast. >> Yeah. >> Um that Jeff >> created. Yeah. >> And it was a it was a during the pandemic and it was a really really cool show and I loved my episode. Um unfortunately I don't think you can watch it anymore. I don't think it exists. It just >> Showtime like literally just erased it. >> It's kind of weird about some TV. Like we were making jokes about How to Find Parks, but some TV just is like it's gone away. It just goes away. >> It's weird. >> I mean, I guess when I was growing up, that is what happened with TV. You couldn't watch it again. >> Yeah, that's true. >> It just went away. But >> that's true. >> But now it feels weird that it goes away. >> Yeah. >> But yeah. No, I haven't dragged I want to direct a movie, but like I'm >> I'm scared, >> girl. I know. But you know what it is? It's like I I want to I know, but I It's like I want I'm I'm a little bit like um I'm being too precious about it. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You just got to just do it. >> But I won't have something to say. I have something I want to >> something to say. This is >> Shut up. I mean, >> I want to say what? >> Sorry. >> What? >> Sorry, I interrupted. What do you want to say? >> I literally don't know. >> What do you want to say? Because >> I don't want to say anything. >> I want to do a movie where I say nothing. How about that? It's called Seinfeld the movie. >> Okay. And so what would be like as we wrap up >> back to movies. What are the movies that like give you what are the movies like what are your comfort movies? >> You know, uh, speaking of comfort, just a reminder that Frankie's been asleep under your chair the entire time. Best dog ever. >> Best dog ever. >> Dakota Johnson was on and she brought her dog. >> She thinks you're better than me. No, sorry. >> No. Um, it's it's not a competition. Uh, >> okay. >> Frankie wins best dog for sure. >> Yeah, she does. >> Um, okay. But comfort movies. >> Comfort movies. Um, >> You've Got Mail. >> Love You Got Mail. >> Speaking of Tarantino on his top 10 favorite movies of all time. >> Yeah, but guess what? If he made it, >> what >> it'd be like you got mail. You open up the envelope, there's a finger in it. No, >> he would never. >> Oh, yeah. >> He would never. >> Okay. >> Um, You've Got Mail. I love that movie. That's like a real comfort movie when Harry Mansali. I think like a lot of like '9s like romcoms are really comfort movies for me. Like I grew up like >> on all those movies. Like Sleepless in Seattle and just >> I watched two on a plane recently Parenthood and Moonruck. Those were like, >> oh my god, Moonruck is >> Parenthood's so good too. >> Love Moonruck. >> Moonruck. >> Okay. And then I ask everybody this like and this is maybe you know this is like takes some more import for you this year probably than other times but like what do you what makes you actually laugh? What do you do when you really want to like deeply laugh? Where do you go? Do you watch something? Do you read something? Do you go to friends? >> Do you like >> I mean there's certain I would say there's just certain people that make me laugh. I don't laugh a lot when I watch things. It's like a question I've as I've asked a lot of people because to me it's like it's it's basically like how do you >> how do you stay um >> happy >> above the line >> laughing >> how do you stay on the cliff >> and not in the gorge >> h >> may I tell you what I've observed that you've been laughing at >> I do feel like >> I feel like the the way in which your friends know you and you know them. Like the way you like create family. >> Mhm. >> And the way that you feel like safe around people and the way that you can like laugh at yourself. >> You have a very good sense of humor about yourself. Like you you're able to get teased really hard and you love to tease. >> Yeah. I like that. I like teasing. >> I do too. And it's a it's I think it's a love language. I don't know if it's East Coast. I don't know if it's whatever. But like to me like the more comfortable I am with someone the more I I want to tease them and want to be teased by them. >> Yeah. I would say yeah like my closest friends like like Bombardo you know my all my group of my women friends that we were in an all girl improv group but then we turned into a coven >> legit. Um we call ourselves Bombardo. Like we do we have like a text chain and we do like Zooms and we do like trips and those girls make me laugh really really hard. Also, we all known each other for so long. I think my oldest >> that's like the best thing that makes me laugh is just funny. All my funny friends. >> Well, Plazi, we did it. >> We did. >> We really did it. >> Okay. >> Great job. Thank you for doing this. Means a lot that you came. >> Think I got the part. >> You You got the part. You got the part of yourself. >> Okay. Finally, after all these years, >> we need you to audition for um the part of you in the podcast. And congratulations. >> Thank you so much. >> Thank you, Aubrey Plaza aka April Legate. Um my daughter, sister, wife, friend, and uh we all wanted you to be here and we're really glad you are and that was so fun and funny and always a good hang with you. So, thank you for coming and and today's Polar Plunge. Uh, I just want to talk um and just remind people of the beautiful films that um Aubrey Plaza and her late husband Jeff Bayana made together. Um they include um Little Hours, Life After Beth, um Spin Me Round. They're all really great um beautiful funny films that you should check out and check out Jeff Bayana's work. He's a he's an incredible writer and um director and um and uh and his work is really special. And it it leads me to say that, you know, if um if someone you know or you yourself is struggling emotionally or thinking about suicide, you can call the National Suicide and Crisis Prevention Lifeline at 988. If you're outside of the US, visit spotify.com/resources for information and resources. You've been listening to Good Hang. The executive producers for this show are Bill Simmons, Jenna Weiss Berman, and me, Amy Per. The show is produced by The Ringer and Paperkite. For The Ringer, production by Jack Wilson, Cat Spalain, Kaia McMullen, and Alia Xanerys. For Paperkite, production by Sam Green, Joel Levelvel, and Jenna Weiss Berman. Original music by Amy Miles. >> Really good. Hey
