<!-- youtube-transcripts-people/_raw/keke-palmer.raw.md -->

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Giy0s4b30Y

Keke Palmer is Healing Her Pain Through Music, Humor, and Parenthood

Scott Evans
229K subscribers

Subscribe

27K

Share

Ask

Save

567,781 views Premiered Jun 6, 2025
Hey neighbors — you already know this one was overdue!

Our girl Keke Palmer pulled up and did not disappoint — music, laughs, healing, growth, and the full Keke experience. She opened up about how the past couple years inspired her new album, and how turning it all into music helped her process, heal, and move forward.

We talked motherhood, creating legacy, and what it means to be the kind of artist, and mom, who brings all of herself to the table. She even dropped the vision for her family’s future.

She came ready to carry on — and did!

Enter the House Guest Getaway Giveaway here 👉🏾 https://bit.ly/45IeWv4

00:00 Intro
01:10 Keke's Catch Phrases
04:12 Toast to Just Keke
05:31 Becoming a Mom
06:27: AI & Dating
06:59 Switching Seats on Flights
07:53 Standing at Concerts
08:41 No Meat
09:18 Fashion in Dialect
10:52 Get Yourself a Farm
11:36 Kids at Adult Parties
12:15 Over Delivering or Nah?
12:48 Filming Public Feuds
13:40 Online Drama
14:22 Keeping Boo Private
15:04 Bad Online Behavior
16:02 Peeing in the Pool
18:02 The Best Fried Chicken
18:59 The Jammy Egg
21:30 Media Mogul
25:33 Just Keke The Album
33:50 Betrayal
34:41 Fan Support
35:30 Life in the Public Eye
36:50 Keke The Performer
38:29 What Would Sharon Say?
39:53 Healing with Music
41:46 Healing with Humor
44:16 Darius' Reacting to Album
46:16 Leodis
47:56 The Family Business
49:11 One of Them Days Sequel
50:40 The Keke & Scott Show?!
52:50 Game Time: Quick Wit It!

And I've been seeing all the girls come. I'm like, "No, no, no. That's my guy." You said, "Hold up. I need to be on my guy's couch, on my guy's chair, kicking it as a house guest." Let's go. All over the place. And so I'm just like, "Oh, hey. This I'm so strange." New York. Yes. Somebody did that. Pissed in the pool. Did they have bad vows? Since we're here, it's time to do what needs to be done. This goes out to all my baby mas. What's up neighbors? Y'all is the link up you all have been asking for. Today's house guest is Kiki Palmer. Now, she's been a barrier breaker online, on Broadway, in TV, and in film. She's a mother. She's a New York Times bestselling author and she's a recording artist set to release her new album, Just Heeki. And I bet she's the kind of house guest that likes to get right into it. So, let's get into it. Oh, but wait, stick around for the game cuz we've got a giveaway that could help you get away. Ooh, we chop baby. I know it ain't. You know it's your girl. On any given day, how many times do you say it? I mean, you got to say all day. people do it to me then I'll be like they were like I know it ain't I know and I'll be like you know it's your girl but I give you a variation. I'll try not to do it the same way every time, you know. Did you have any idea though when when when Megan walked up on that platform that this would be something you from years from now you would be referring to? I had no idea with any of the like catchphrases, you know, you know it's your girl and sorry to this man, any of those things. I I never know. It's the audience, the fans, they're like, "Girl, we love that." And so I just keep giving, you know, I ham it up. But I never know. I'm just being me in that moment. Kiki, when you, Siza, and Issa Ray were sitting on that couch and you said that's I slave him. To see Siza go, "Oh no." Oh my gosh. I've been saying so much stuff and I'm being real and I'm like, "Was that crazy that I said that?" Because I know that it didn't seem crazy, right? It didn't seem crazy. It seemed like y'all know, you know what I mean? Especially being around people that you really talk to. Kick it. Like y'all know I ain't lying. You know I ain't lying. Well, welcome to the backyard. Welcome to the house. I'm so glad to have you. Been talking about this for a while. I know. And I've been seeing all the girls coming. I'm like, "No, no, that's my guy." You said, "Hold up. I need to be on my guy's couch, on my guy's chair, kicking it as a house guest. Let's go." So, we got some breakfast on the way. Um, what I love about you is that you said, "You know what? We going to make time." That's right. So, you are literally about to head to set. Are you about to Are you filming BBS or I'm filming BBS? Yes. I'm so excited. You know, I didn't even see the I don't know if you've saw the original BBS with Tom Hanks. I never saw it before. And so this is like a total different vibe of it. It's with Brian Graaser, second McFarland. Um and so yeah, I'm excited to to do the show for people to see the vibe of this, especially fans of the original. Yeah. But yeah, I you know, came here, be there afterwards. You know, I got to be on on call. Listen, I what I appreciate is you say, you know, but before we get to set, we going to go ahead and push through. Yes. You know what I'm saying? Okay. So, I'm going to have uh uh a mimosa. Well, go ahead and make me one. I'll maybe sip on something. You know, a little sip on something. You know, you know, I want to hear the pop on camera. You know what I mean? I love that. I don't know how to pop those things. I feel like I'm I'mma hurt somebody. You just Come on now. You a mama. You a mother. Mother. Take two. Wow, that was actually really perfect. It was so controlled. It was very Yeah, very What do people do when they make it go up? Did they just shake it before? You shake it before. Or if it's or if it's been chilled too fast. Yeah, it will. Or if it's not cold enough. It's a lot of science going on. It's a lot of a lot of variables. This is See, this is why I don't do it. Exactly. I'm like, now wait a minute. Okay. With some fresh orange juice. You can actually see the orange in the juice. So, you know that's I know. It looks so healthy. Such an organic, healthy orange juice. Cheers, Bookie Boo. Cheers, boo. M. You know what? I'm going to make it specific. I'm going to drink to this new album. Just Kiki. People are loving it. People are going to be I think even even more people are going to be emboldened by it. Oh my god. I feel like What do you What do you feel like this this time in your life, this music, where is this living for you? Well, it's all about to me like fragmentation and integration. Okay. Especially having started performing so long, I think that performance aspect of myself has always been so much of my survival instinct. You know, it it existed from love and grown where I grew up. My parents a reflection of their love and joy for the arts. But then as time goes on, it's kind of like who am I behind this? You know, and where's that side of me that has to kind of stay silent because of whatever room I might be in where they're not ready for that weight. And so now at this age, you know, and and the evolution of who I am as an artist is about blending those worlds. I'm both of those people. I'm the Kiki you see in front of the camera, but I'm also the person behind the scenes that's been orchestrating the whole thing. And I'm clear on who I am as a performer. You know, I'm not I'm not the puppet. I'm the puppet master. And so it's about integrating me. I got you. You know what I mean? That's what this whole It's been something that I've arrived at. Like I would love to say that it was like me in the bag being like, and this is when we'll come, but no, I arrived at it. a lot of uh tough, beautiful, and amazing experiences. My my son being the center of it. I'm going to tell you that little baby, he's everything. I'm just telling I know that it's like what every mom says and it's like, "Yes, of course." But it is an experience that cannot be explained the way that it impacts you. I remember my best friend was like, "Did you cry?" You know, when I said, "No, I just looked at him and said, "I'm so happy to meet you." When I was laying in that bed and I had my I remember just looking at him. I was just Why do I feel like you said it exactly like that? So happy to meet you. I was a son. I've been waiting on you. I'm so happy to meet you because I really I was so happy to meet him to meet this this person that I created that I love so much before I even knew. Yeah. And it's just it's changed me forever for the better. It's beautiful. We're going to play a little game. Oh, I love games. Okay. Uh faux paw or naw. Oo faux paw n faux paw faux paw or naw. Whenever you're ready. You ready? I'm so ready. I love games. Boo. running your partner's text through chat GPT before applying. Yeah, I'm going to say I'm going to say or Google Google check out Gemini. Gemini is on point. Get into Gemini. You know what I'm saying? Because I just feel like let me make sure I'm not I'm not out of pocket. Yeah. You know what I mean? Honestly, I need someone that is going to be observant of who I am in this moment like without a dog in the fight and who knows me and is totally objective. Exactly. before I delete the message and then I've got to teach it again what the prompt is. Declining to switch seats on a flight so someone else can sit with their partner. No, you got to you got to accept it unless you're sitting by your partner. Like you need to give people a chance. I think you what did I buy that seat? Oh my god. Did I buy you want to sit by your want to let them be next to their partner? You want do you should have you want to sit in this seat? You should have bought this seat. One time me and my best friend pretended we were lovers. We were like, "This is my wife." Me and my wife sitting next to each other. They were like, "This is my wife." We were like, "Oh shit." We couldn't believe it. We tried to get two wives. We were like, "This is my wife." And they were like, "This is my wife. This is my wife." I'm like, "Fuck." Yeah. Exactly. Also, I bought this ticket. You know what I'm saying? This is $75. Usually will move. But honestly, I'll be honest. I'm usually the person that is asking somebody to move. I don't know why that happened. Oh, no wonder why you was on. You know, no, that's that's you got to go with that one. You got to go. All clear now. Uh-huh. Standing in the seated section at a concert and blocking the view for folks behind you. Now, I just went to the cowboy Carter and there were seats in our section. That's two paychecks in order to get that seat. Now, we that we going to be standing the whole show. I'm not missing nothing. Yeah, I'm standing. I'm so sorry. Stand up. Stand up on your seat if you've got to because honey, I'm not standing down. You would be better to ask me to move to the left or the right than to sit down. But also ask me nothing cuz I can't hear. I'm paying attention to Beyonce. I'm up here. I'm up here. And that's where you should be too. Okay. Heated. Heated. Come on, Virgo's group. Cowboy Carter is the one right now. So, hello. Ah, the food is here. Oh, bring it in. Bring it in. The food is here. Thank you, Boogie Boo. Now, I know you love a egg sitch. I do love eggs. Also, are you on a are you doing like a keto thing? Are you like what's what's where you at right now when it comes to I haven't actually been eating any meat. That's been the main thing. No meat. I haven't been eating no meat. No meat. No fish, no beans. Not vegan cuz I mean eggs, you know, I'll do a little cheese every now and then, but no no meat. I don't know what happened. I mean, I think it was just me having so much meat. I kept on eating a bunch of A5 Wagu and I was like, "No more meat for now." I don't know if I'll come back to it, but I think I like overdid it for myself. You said you had too much what? A5. You know what I said? You had too much wagu. You know what I said? You got to You got to You know, they only they only make that in one farm in Tokyo. You know what I mean? Just outside of Tokyo. A five W. Excuse me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, options. I know. That's right. We got the acai. We got the yogurt. We got a little How do you say it? The acai. Did I say it right? No, I think you did. I think good job. Cuz you know, for years I was like Jainci. Okay. Last week I was calling Lee Lowe's. People thought I was going to the harbor. Now, here tell you something. Let me tell you something about Lowe's. Okay, cuz it was literally not until this Met Gala that I realized I was like, "Well, they said they wearing Lee. How do you spell Lee?" They were like, "Lew E." I was like, "This one off of Lowe's. That's Lowe's. It's Lowe's, baby. That's Lowe's." And I was like, "Lo, Lowe's, Lowe's." Sergio was like, "Loue, Louis." I said, "Oh shit." Meanwhile, I'm like, "I'm going to the hardware store. Where is the V?" Exactly. That's what I'm saying. Lue. They turned a W into a V. What is that? I guess that's fashion. That's fashion. Fashion does become an accent. When I was doing fashion week recently, I was watching this clip with my friend where somebody was interviewing me in one of the fashion shows. I think I don't know which show I was at. I wish I could remember to give a shout out. Oh, Brandon Maxwell. Boom. I was at his show and somebody was talking to me. I was like, you know, exactly. I love everything. You know, when you see the cuts and the designs and I was like, why did I become fashion and dialect? See the cuts and the designs. The designs and the way that it just sits on the body really aspirational. And I'm like, Kiki, I'm done with me. Really? It's aspirational. You're nuts. Shut up. You're fashion then becomes a personality. Yeah, it's too much. It's my identity. Yeah, it's just my identity is fashion. Just some eggs for you. Thank you, boo. Oh, Earl is out. What up, Earl? Who's Earl? The rooster. Well, somebody already got a farm. Well, you know, we live out in the boondocks. My bestie. Shout out to Parks. She has a farm and she's been telling me to get one. She has her own chickens. Just get a farm. I know it does sound crazy, right? But she actually Listen, girl. I got me a farm the other day. Girl, you better come down here and get you one of these. What a chicken salad. It's so true though. She got that farm baby. And I'm like impressed. She got her own eggs. You know, eggs now are the price of a Lee jacket. Lee better hire me the way I'm dropping. You hear me? I need to stop. I ain't got no money for it. Just learn how to say it. Okay. Just learn just learn how to talk to y'all. Really bringing your kid to your friend's adult only birthday party without I hate that. Absolutely no. The baby's at home. The baby's at home at home. My friend, one of my home girls used to do this all the time. And I said, "We're at Harriets. Another baby. We're at Harriet. Another baby on the rooftop. Mama, we're at Harriets. Take her home. I love her down, but this is not the place." In the in the corner just dozing off, just sleeping. Come on. And I love kids, guys. I love kids. Everybody know that. But they need to be at the kids town. Yeah. They don't need to be at the adult town. No, that's right. You know, not on the rooftop. Not on the rooftop. The bottomless drinking. I want the baby see me drink. Talk about see me drop it low outside of the barbecue. You know, she barbecue. Hello. Doing only what your job description says. No more, no less. No, no, no. I'm doing more. I'm doing more than what my job description say. That's a faux f. That's a faux paw, baby. Because look, I get it. Sometimes it's easier to play it safe cuz then nobody asks you for stuff. But if you're doing a job that is going to a trajectory of where you want, you know, like if it's like a stop on the trajectory, then you got to show up cuz if you want more, you got to do more. That's it. Before you get it. I know that sounds crazy, but it's true. But it's true. Tried and true. Matter of fact, it's worked for me. Hello. Period. Boo. Touch and agree. Filming a customer service worker midconlict. You know, when you put people walking to the table and you're like, "Well, ma'am, I just want to know." Well, bam. And I got you on camera. It's a little weird. You know what I'm saying? I get it because some people do need to get caught on camera, but it's like guys, come on. What she say? Out of my face. Out of my you on candy camera now. It's like and it also takes away from when there can really be an impact with the filming. Correct. So, it's like I think we got to be just a little bit more careful, a little more gatekeepy with the filming. You know, film the things that really need to be filmed, not you and home girl going back and forth cuz you had a bad morning. Like that could stay at home cuz you looking for a box. Cuz you looking for, you know, or viral. You're looking for a virality moment. Stop with the virality. Get your food and go home. You know what I mean? Cuss the [ __ ] out and move on. Someone just cuss out in private. We don't have to see it. And don't have to see it. Also, if you wasn't that good at cussing in the first place, a not good cuss out filming is such Why did we see this? What' you say? You're so tired. You're so tired, mama. Hack it up. Hack it up. Putting your close friend on blast online to get outside opinions on your drama. It's always a cuz we don't even know them in the, you know what I mean? You got to be careful. Also, like if you need everybody else's input on your drama, maybe we already doing it wrong. You know what I mean? We already doing it wrong. It's kind of like it's like everybody doesn't know the details. Everybody need to know the details. So, maybe that's a therapy sitch. You know what I'm saying? That's how you know. It's like you ain't got no journal. Get into your Misha bag. Hello. Get into your Misha bag. Dear journal. Not posting pictures with your long-term partner on social media. Not doing it. Yeah. I'm gonna say I'm good with that. I'm good with that. It's your business, babes. It's your business. I I just feel like it's faux. No, it's not a faux paw. Do do what you feel. If you decide you want to change it up, change it up. If you don't, whatever. I think it's it's what you make it. Agreed. Also, like not everybody, you know, some people need to hide their boo. Well, when you sometimes when you show your boo, people tell you about your boo. Things you didn't even know. Things you didn't know. And you like, damn. You learn it's not really your boo. My boo is Magic Mike. The Shannon Tatum movie. We not even getting no check. I had no idea. Mhm. Commenting on a stranger's appearance online. This is my thing online. I ain't got no problem with the opinions. Say that [ __ ] to the friend beside you. Hello. Everything doesn't need to be under somebody's comment where you know they're going to see like what like the fact that in stone the fact that the etiquette of what happens in real life is not translated online kills me cuz you would never walk up to me and be like I don't even like this outfit. So why are you doing it on my page? Like it's like whatever reason people see your face. That's crazy. Like just send it just share it to your friend and say no. That's what I do. Share it to my friends. I share it to Sergio North. No. All I put is N. Oo. No. You know hated it. I turned into ways and old boy and and living color. Two snaps in a circle and a kid. Stop. Can't touch this. You know, talk [ __ ] in private. I think we need to bring that back. Bring that back. Normalize that. Normalize that. Just say it to your friend or your mom and move on and keep it moving. You don't need to comment that. Put it on Put it on somebody's comment section. This is mean spirited. I feel like this is I feel like this we've gotten really close to home with some of these. And I feel like uh I don't really know how to take this. I'm excited. This happened the last time you was here. Peeing in the pool or in the ocean, even though others are close by. No good and damn well you can't do that. You shouldn't. Somebody did that. Pissed in the pool. Did they have bad bows? Like did they have you know what I'm saying? They have problems holding it. Is this person older? No, they were not an older. But here's the thing. That pool has a has a enzyme that when it interacts with urine, no, that [ __ ] lights up. So guess what? Yeah, [ __ ] You thought she was slick. Go ask me for some money. Go ask that [ __ ] for some money. Scott. Yeah. Yeah. You're setting people up for humiliation. Ever. Ever. What happened with that friend? What happened with that friend? The last time they've been back. Last time they've been back. That is You like to be pissy in the pool. Yeah. I'm going to show you in my phone. Their name is now pissy in the pool. And what did they say? What What can they say? They lightening up green all around them. What can they say? Pissy, get the hell out the pool. That is so humiliating. You let me get the hose on you, too. Oh my gosh, that is so crazy. Yeah, don't play with me. Yeah, chill. Take me. Take me but one time. Who the [ __ ] is this? That's crazy. Crazy. Oh my gosh. Poor them. Mhm. Leaving your trash on the table at a fast food spot instead of throwing away. That's a faux paw. Just throw it up. I mean, you're already out the door. Ph. Just pick it up, throw it out. You know what I'm saying? Like here's what I will say. I probably do it a lot. I'm sure it happens. You know what I'm saying? I'm not perfect, but if I'm like, unless I'm rushing it, oh, and or sometimes people come over and they be like, we'll get it. And so you might, but if I feel like, yeah, pick it up, take it out. You know what I mean? Especially if you pass the trash can on the way out and you know the spot where you need to pick it up and take it out. You know that spot in the food court in the mall. You know, ain't no ain't no servers here. Do you remember when bourbon chicken really popped at the mall? Wait a minute. Bourbon chicken. You remember bourbon chicken? Did Did y'all have that out here? Bourbon chicken? I didn't have that. No. Uh-uh. Slapped. I mean, we got Popeyes, right? You know what I mean? That's my main one when I'm thinking about chicken like in terms of a franchise, right? But you know what I love? Like in terms of a franchise? In terms of a franchise. You know what I did love is over here in LA is Louisiana fried chicken. Okay. Now, here's what I'm going to tell you. I thought that was Popeye's. No. Turns out it's not. It's not. It's like a mom and pop that's franchise though. You know what else is good is um Crowns fried chicken in New York. Crowns. You know Crowns. You know Crowns. That Crown Fried Chicken hits. What I love is that you heard it. You heard. You know Crowns. It got to the point where I was eating that every day. You know what I mean? I was eating it every day because honey, I was eating that chicken. So, do you you are someone who hyperfixate the same thing every day. Really? Yeah. For at least a good week. Like right now, I'm on to the jam eggs. Oh, yeah. A jam egg. Jam egg. It's literally taken over my whole algorithm. It has. Everything I look at is jammy eggs. Jam egg. Jimmy egg on toast. Jimmy egg on rice. Jam egg. Just jammy egg. I'm changing you. I'm changing. My phone is egg. I got pissy in the pool. You put it in boiling water for 7 minutes. You take it out. Put it in the ice bath like the cool kids are doing with the ice plunge. You put it in the ice bath for three minutes. You take it out. You put in a little jar. A little soy sauce, a little tamarind, a little bit of rice vinegar, a little bit of chili, ginger, maybe a little bit of garlic. You put all the eggs up in there overnight. You wake up in the morning, crack it open over some rice. Oh yeah. That's a Jimmy egg for your ass. It's good. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It's good. Let her cook. Okay. Now cook. Wait, can you cook? I mean, I can cook a mean jam egg. I can cook. Let me tell you what I cook. I can cook great breakfast. Okay. Great with a pancake. Great with like eggs, bacon, all that kind of stuff. Are you a crispy pancake or a fluffy pancake? You know, I used to be fluffy, but I'm crispy. Cuz what are we doing? You know, give me a crunch. I need texture. Texture. I need texture. I'm so glad you said that. I love stews. I love stews, soups, chilies. Yesterday, my dad made me a good chili. Oh my gosh. But you know, I just hate it so much with beans. All the gas. All the gas. It takes you out every time. All the gas. All the gas. All the gas. It's a mess. The beans in a truly though is it it's a sloppy joe without the beans. I mean, if I'm being if I'm being quite honest, just a sloppy. It's just a sloppy joe without the beans. You have to have gas. The only beans that doesn't overdo it with the gas are lentils. They don't get as much love in the bean world. Yeah, but you're not putting a lentil in a It's like at that point, who are you? When it's Yeah. This is goop. This is no longer chili. This is goop. Love her down though. Yeah, of course. She's gotten me through a lot. Okay. I just laugh at you. I can talk to you for hours. Literally right back at you. It's kind of like um meeting a twin flame. Do you know what I'm saying? Like when we met years ago, I was like, "Oh my god." I would be so happy when I would see you because you don't always have that much fun talking to people on the carpet or doing interview. Whenever I would see you, I would like, "Oh, this is going to be good." cuz you know how to lead it all and do all the the things that they need, but then it's real. It's fun. It's not. So, you know, you've been fortunate enough, but you've also been determined enough to do so many things in your career. I think about Broadway. I think about morning television. I think about uh live television. I think about uh acting in movies, but television shows. You also have albums and tours and all kind podcasts, books, literally every aspect of the media industry you have been able to participate in and not just dabble in it but be highly largely successful password any host. Oh my goodness. Like I just I is there something that there is still left to do? I don't know. Maybe go to space uh that you haven't done. What are they doing up there? Um twins maybe. I don't know what would I would love to have twins. You know, my mom's a twin, my dad's a twin, and they have twins. Like, I have twin siblings. That's so crazy. It's crazy. Maybe twins are on the rising. No, to answer your question, not not your spirit. Uh-uh. It's like I would love it, but then it's the physicality of it all of it all. Having that baby, two of them. Oh my gosh. Gosh, you're going to get stretched, baby. Anyway, I think for me it would be just like enjoying more of that space behind the scenes, like really digging deep more into directing, more writing, still being a part of that narrative aspect of myself, but being more behind the scenes. And then, you know, business, like for me, for so long, my business has been me just solely as the product, but it is at this stage with Kiki Palmer Company, it's all about, you know, being a holdings company. What are the businesses underneath the main business? Yeah. I mean, I think about KTV like, you know what I what you're doing there. It's like, oh my gosh. Yes. Is being able to to give life and voice life and resource to other voices. Exactly. For me with KTV, that came right after Nope. And I was like, well, I've kind of felt like I closed the circle loop of, you know, starting out as a child entertainer to now being an adult and having this big moment. And so now, how do I take that and turn it into something tangible outside of myself? I think that's always the thing. Like as a kid, it used to scare me a lot. Like something happens to me, then what does my family have? you know, what what what am I leaving behind that somebody can actually still eat off of? And that's what this is about. This era is is is the launching pad for me to leave something behind so that my son can be just like Estee Lauder sons. Okay. Estee Lauder sons run her company, honey. She's no longer here. Rest in peace. But her baby boys, they done did a lot. Okay. And so that's what I want for Leo. What? And the twins. And the twins. And the twins. Y'all, you're going to get me twins. And then we I'm going to be sitting back up here at house guest like this. See what you done. See what you done to me. I will manifest this over my life. Like, what you going to say at my funeral now that you done killed me? Can we talk about this album? Oh my gosh. Yes. I'm so happy that you had time to listen to it and get into it. Boo. Time to listen to it. That gives me life. No, no, no, no, no. I have not stopped listening to it. Oh my gosh. Yes. I have not stopped listening to it. You got real personal on this album. You talked about things we've never heard you actually say out loud. What was the hardest song for you to hear back once the album was done? So, I'm gonna go ahead and just pour my little mimosa. We can And can I use the bathroom in this in between time? Okay. Somebody have eyes on Kiki cuz she's going to try to leave. Hilarious. No, I literally pee really quickly and I know exactly like Oh, Key is like, "Oh, no. No. I'm going to go to the restroom. I'll be [Music] It is honestly so insanely gorgeous out here, Scott. Like, it's a good one, right? I need to sleep at your house. I'm going to sleep over after this. Anytime. It's an oasis. That's the spin-off of House Guest. Yes. Wait, is out? No, not yet. Oh my gosh. You need to have me on YouTube, too. Yes. Would it be fun? Cuz I can't wait to see Scott at night. This is Scott at Grun, right? Scott at night. Like, what are we getting into? Are we like talking about movies? We're getting into it. That's what we're doing. We do have a couple spin-offs planned. Um, sleepover at House Party. Oh my gosh. Excellent. Excellent. Oh my gosh. The marketing incredible. Genius brand. Like no brainer, right? Insane. I'm ready. Come on. All of them. You already know. Save a seat for me. Shoot. You know it. So, here we are, you know, by the pool. We had to change the scene up a little bit. You You got really personal with this album. And what's interesting to me is that you didn't have to. You could have kept this super commercial. You could have kept this super like it's summer time. Let's be out here. Let's dance. Let's party. Let's have a good time. And you decided to like process it. It feels like through a really really tough time in your life and a really public struggle. Yeah. Also, what was for you the hardest song to hear back once the project was done? So, the hardest song to to to hear back? Well, I'll say two things. Like the hardest song to get to recording is the song that we end the album on, which is Misunderstood. And the hardest thing I ever had to do was call the truth. I was hurting myself, trying not to hurt you, baby. I tried to hide you from the light. Cuz everybody loves the sun till it burns you. That for me, baby, you going to be singing that song. I'm going to just tell you right now, for the rest of your damn life. Oh my god. I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to be honest with you. I feel like that is going to be one of your like when you're doing the greatest hits when you're when you got to when you got to do the medley cuz it's it's 20 years from now it's still going to be a song that you're singing. I receive that because that was the hardest song to get and that was the first song we started with. Whoa. So I remember walking in there I'm with Taylor and I'll be honest a lot of times people when they're working with artists especially artists like me that have such a big performative nature and it started out so commercial for me. I mean, from the time I was a kid, immediately I came into the game, it was like Disney, Nickelodeon, like front page, right? And it's never been uh I'm not trying to be honest or real, but you have to have authentic life experiences. And I came into the game at at a young age before I really had I had all this soul, but I didn't have a lot of story to the soul. I just was kind of it was all lineage and epigenetic. My ancestors were slaves. That's why I'm deep. But I had I didn't have any Oh my god. You know what I'm talking about. You know, it's like that's just me. That's just what it is. But I didn't have any life experience, you know, to really back that up. And so getting to this point for me, I think what made it so special with Taylor is what she has that makes her a great writer, that makes her a great producer, that makes her a great executive producer of the album is that entry point. There was no it's time to get real. It was, "So, what happened?" Is that where you all started? That's where we started. She said, "So, catch me up, sis. What happened?" You know, what do you what do you want to talk about? And first, it was like lightweight. You know, I'm I'm I'm cuz I'm still in process of what I experienced when you experience something traumatic. Um, you don't really know. So, it's not like you don't want to say, you don't know what to say to it, right? And so, we just start talking and I remember we just start getting into it and I before I know it, I'm like crying and I'm like, damn. Really? I was like, "Damn, I didn't know that I really that this is where you were with it." That's right. I didn't know that this is really what I was with it. And so, we have this conversation. I'm talking about everything that you hear and and misunderstood and we sit down and we start putting it together and and that's what we come to. And so, I think it was breaking that initial layer with myself of facing those two truths that there can be something so pure and something so special, but also something that's just so not right. Yeah. And that love never should come from you denying yourself. Right? And that's that first lyric. You know, the hardest thing I ever do was was call a truce. I was hurting myself trying not to hurt you. My truth if it hurts you, it doesn't it shouldn't matter because it's my truth. So that was the starting point of of where how we entered the album and what all that meant and how we got there. You know, discussing the love that the beginning of what created uh this this situation and the foundation of, you know, what created my son Leo. Yeah. To where it really was every time I listen to it, every time I I sing it, I cry is Unless it's you. Because as much as it's a love song, it's also a farewell. You know, it's a farewell to what can never be that again. That again, whatever it might be in the future, it will never be the dream of what that was. Because also what we find out is that that that thing that it almost was never actually even happened. Exactly. Because that was the ideal. That was the potential. That was the And so when you have when you mourn that Oh my gosh. You can never really return. Mourning the reality that you have to let go of what you were reaching for. That was very very tough for me. It was very very tough. I'm reaching. I'm reaching. I'm reaching. And the person that reached, she died. There's no reaching. There's just observing. And so I think that that whole experience for me. Yeah. That's that's that's what I became from that. That I grew from it. You know what I mean? It's not that whole thing of like I grew up. It's not like that's like no, I really grew. And I and I could have not I could have said, "Hey, look, let's be delusional. It's Kiki Palmer baby and the girl and played it all off, but it's like no." And a lot of people do because it's scary because also what's on the other side of that the the the the magnitude of intensity that it takes to go through an evolution is hard. But one of the things that I've always said since I was a little kid, people would ask me in interviews, you know, I be on Nickelodeon Disney, they'd be like, "What's your biggest fear? What scares you?" You know, they probably thinking monsters on the bed. I said, "Not growing. Not growing has always been my biggest fear." Because even as a kid, I didn't know what I was saying. I can articulate it now. is that the idea that I don't evolve from here that that my trauma my story ends at my trauma my hardship is where I just said I resigned right that can't be the case I have to get to the other side of that who do you attribute this understanding to in your life who who were examples of this for you who who equipped you with some of this knowhow this this awareness as a young person because it's one thing to say it as a kid in interviews because it's the it feels like the right answer for whatever reasons. It feels like the right answer. It's another thing to have it be the consistent and real return for a person. Where did you get that from? I love that you said return because that's really what it is. It's like a remembrance. I think um there were a lot of inspirations that I've had that you know when we look to people and we admire people a lot of times we project things onto them course and I think I've observed my projections and realize that that wasn't for them that's for me. So, for instance, I might see somebody that's an artist or a singer or you know, it's like we think about people that we admire, uh, entertainers and oh, I want her to if they could just get through and if they had a chance and I realized, well, actually, I was talking to myself. Yourself cuz you've also had the benefit though of not only meeting those people, but working with them. Yes. A lot of them. Do you know what I mean? And so, you've also been able to see the human beyond their persona. Yes. And see that sometimes it doesn't always match up. Yes. and to know that that ain't for them to do, that's for you to do. And so the story that I've always wanted to tell, you know, that we're unraveling, unfolding, um is the is one of triumph is one of retribution of of pain if joy after pain of contradiction and realities with people that you can love someone and not want to be with them or you can love someone and have boundaries. You that love can can exist and there still have pain and you know how to deal with that, you know, like and you're choosing to actually deal with it. Yes. Nuance like bringing the nuance to things I think is always been big for me, you know, from my background, how I grew up, you know what I mean? Dealing with how that looks like in my faith. You know, I think learning boundaries is a big thing when you come from a Christian background, you know, cuz it's like we forgive when we love. And it's like, but that don't mean Yeah. But that don't mean you got to deal with everything. And so coming to terms with what that looks like and, you know, how I want to move forward and who I'm becoming. It's been a lot of that. I'm gonna say a word to you. Perity. Okay. Perity. Betrayal. Baby. Betrayal. And I joke only because of the the moment on the album where you take us back to Akquila and the meaning the Latin word to be pervous meaning this got me [ __ ] up. Yeah. Yeah. Because that's what it was. It's a it's a moment and I think we all have been betrayed. I think for me it was a betrayal of my relationship with my audience. You understand? I protect my relationship with my audience. Not because I'm trying to be untruthful, but because I care that I'm a black woman, that I was the I was the first VP and I was a little girl who said you could spell. I care about that, right? I care about that. That doesn't mean that I'm not real. That means that I'm real about what I'm going to serve you. And if it's not servicing you, you don't need this [ __ ] You don't need no [ __ ] baby daddy story line from me. Exactly. That's not what you deserve and neither do I. It's also not what we're doing. That's not what we're doing. It's not what we're doing. And so was it a blessing to you to see your fans come to your side and say, "Ah, what we're not going to do is this." Yes, it was. It was so awesome to see that. Look, it's not a problem to have a baby before marriage. It's not a problem to be a baby mama or be a baby daddy. The problem is when you are not able to be in the forefront of your story and you're not able to reclaim your piece because things didn't look the way you wanted or didn't turn out the way you assumed. Like life happens. And so I think for me to know that the fans that really know me and love me, they saw the truth of me in that moment. It meant a lot. Um and that I'm just living like everybody else and that when it like when it comes to my job, I would never I would never put put that in there. But now that it's out there, I've got to deal with it and I got to learn how to deal with it. I got to learn how because so when you think about that time in your life there in in my experience of you, there had never been another moment like that for you. And so you were learning in real time, not only how to process that for yourself and for your for your family, but also how to navigate this publicly. I mean, imagine in a corporate scenario, you're at work and your lover or your past lover or whatever comes into your job and just starts going off and now it's like, "Oh [ __ ] everybody in office. Damn." Right. Right. No. All right. Not today, Trish. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You're looking at me like I'm crazy. And her man's driving her car. Jodyie. Jody. So, it's like it was one of those situations where I know people don't see my industry like that, but for me, that's what it is. This is a job, you know. It's a it's a public job, you know, and I think a lot of people, even the people involved, didn't realize that. It's again with with the misunderstood song. Everybody loves the sun sun till it burns you, right? you know, everybody thinks they want things out there and for it to be, you know, but I've been dealing with it for all my life. I know the relationship, the parasocial relationship that exists. So, to me, certain personal things don't belong in that space. Um, you know, but I wasn't in control of that. You know, when other people are in your life, whether it be family, friends, or lovers, they can decide to impede that parasocial relationship if they so choose or that boundary. And that boundary and that's and that's betrayal. Yeah. You know, yeah. The approach on this album I really respect and thoroughly enjoyed the journey of the show, right? Just Kiki is the album, but the journey of the show. I mean, the references with in from every one of our favorite shows, you know what I mean? You got Insecure on there, you've got Sex in the City on there. There was Living Single on there, you know what I mean? Stage Broadway aspects, Cabaret. What was it like for you to bring those parts of your experience, your talent to life on the album? I mean, it's just Kiki. And so, it's really about kind of that hodgepodge of all these references, the things that make me me. And then also the brand of what Kiki Palmer is. You know, when we open up that first teaser of the of the album is this is the just Kiki doll. And then just like a doll, you go into her world. She's a singer. She has a stage presence. She has a life. She has all these things. And then you meet them. And I really wanted to take the audience on the journey of both my performative aspects and my personal aspect. So, this is the album. There's a visual aspect as well. Yes. Oh, yes. There's a full visual aspect of the album. Absolutely. 11 videos. You've already get a what? 11 videos. So, this is your lemonade. Yes. This is your lemonade. I mean, if it's anything close, God bless me cuz you know, Virgos, we we we going to push it. Hello. You know, but I really wanted to do the visuals because for me it's like it's a movie. That's Kiki Palmer. You know, Kiki Palmer, she's a movie. You know, I do music, I do acting, I do all these things. But as an artist, I use all visual mediums. Yeah. That's to me how I perform. I mean, that's my life. That's how I became a performer. That's what makes me an artist is I perform emotions. I perform what I'm going through. I I can only show you, you know, to make you feel it. How did you convince your mom to jump on this album? Oh my god. Sharon, what would Sharon say? Well, Sharon, when she heard the music, she was immediately like, and that's your truth. You know, Sharon, she was dramatic as hell. She was just so dramatic. And she was like, "And you and Taylor, y'all been knowing each other since y'all was kids." And this is what happens, Kiki, when you walk in your path and you own it. I'm so proud of you. That's Sharon. Sharon is just like, you know, I think Sharon and and I always say like me and my best friend Norah, we always are like, we just want to be the favorite niece. Like that's our life is defined by us being niece poos, right? And Sharon is representative like she's my mom, but she's representative of all those women. And I think, you know, those generations of women before us that always didn't have the space to be full. And so when they see us, you know, I get so many comments of of you know, women my mom's age, the auntie committee where they're like, Kiki, we you know, and I know they're encouraging me to live fully in nuance to be uh you have that masculine charm with a feminine tribute, you know, be funny and serious, be sexy and chill, you know, tell your truth and still love, be soft and be strong. And so my mom is that. She's always and my dad is that. You know, I grew up with a father that was like, have your own stuff, right? Be who you are. Don't let anybody change you. And that's why they supported my career was so that I could have that freedom. It's not lost on me that the last time you were at this house was a day before you left for Vegas. Yeah. I know. Even accepting the invitation to come back here. You know what I mean? Yeah. I love you for it, but I know you are sentimental enough. Yeah. And I want to know how you how you as all of the fullness of this woman, how you are reconciling the woman you want to be, the mother you are. Yeah. With the artist that needs to tell that has to tell this truth. I'll be honest, that album was very cathartic for me. Yeah. The experience of knowing what I would talk about afterwards, what I was going to be putting into the visuals, the things is that it would dredge up. We talked about all that there. Yeah. You know, my family was there. You know, I'm talking about with Taylor. I'm rubbing up against things or should I say that, should I say this, and what is this? And how do I feel? And still processing my emotions during that process. And then after the album. Um, and I think that I've healed. Yeah. The whole process has been healing for me. And so, I can see it from a different vantage point that I couldn't always. And even I have so much more compassion for myself during that time. And I think that's also something that I want to any other women that's dealing with that that's going through their own version of this and still discovering what choices they need to make and not knowing all the answers. It's okay. Yeah, it really is because that's what life is. You know, I'm only 31 years old. I still, you know, pray to God, got a got a whole bunch of more life to live. A whole bunch. But I'm so proud of myself for being able to look at myself and see me still standing there. Not someone that's hiding, not someone that's afraid. Still someone that has privacy in their personal thoughts and feelings, right? I'm not exploiting myself, but I'm also able to say, "Yeah, this was something I went through and this is this is how I got through it." And it's already been made public without your without your permission. Anyway, you know, off script. Love that song. I mean, I love all this off. Something heavy on my chest. Look, come on. I've been sitting with it for a while. You don't want to be in the dark house and I don't want to be a [ __ ] on trial. But here we are in court. But here we are. Okay. And since we're here And since we're here, it's time to do what needs to be done. Law and order. Have I not given everything? They tried to kill my wife. No. The visuals of the I think also help people understand how humor gets me through so much. Oh, I was going to say that I think people feel like your humor is a way of deflecting. Yeah. But it is also I know your way of healing is your way of drawing through drawing to you know what I mean? It's like you pulling yourself through that thing. That's right. That's right. That's what my humor always has been. Even when we think about these moments of uh uh I I mean I was at the Met Gala. It was very hot, crazy with no nothing was going as planned. I don't know. You know what I is all over the place. And so I'm just like, "Oh, I'm Hey, hey, this is I'm grounding myself, you know what I mean?" And it's and that's how it always has been. It's look, every I think artists have ticks. We have things that make us who we are. And for me, that's my thing. It's like I just get silly. I just get weird. And it brings balance and levity because life is so serious. It can be so like and when I put a joke, when I add levity, it it it it grounds it. It brings you back to like it's not that serious. Yeah. Like girl, it's okay. Yeah. My brother always says it's it's um it's not that ser it's not that serious, but it is that real. Now that's right. It's not that serious. But it is real, but it doesn't have to be like how you choose to process it, how you choose to deal with how you choose to narrate it. And that's also like hopefully what people see with album too, you know, from my vantage point as an artist is like I am the author of my life. Even when things don't even when things go off script, I just Okay, third act, right? Fourth act. We're just continuing the story line from that hiccup. Commercial break. Commercial break. The sponsors are with you. Hello. And then we're going to get back and we're going and we're still going to continue a very great heroic story that's going to be a little funny. It's going to have a still more love and some sex, but it's going to be it's going to have some heart. It's going to connect. We're going to go through it. Did you play any of this music for Darius? Oh yeah, he heard it all. What was his re reaction? You know, he he loved it. Did he really? He loved the album. He he was I mean, look, we're both growing. Y you know, I can't get into his head and know exactly what we're, you know, how he's processing, but I can tell over the course of what we've experienced, you know, the whole hiccup and obviously going through the courts and things, you know, boundaries being placed. Yeah. that always know my dad used to tell me that all the time you know any situation in my life with with dating with he would say nothing changes if nothing changes and so interesting thing about is that when you change and when you're not afraid to give consequence to the people that you love you know it's either they disappear or they they rise to that boundary and so you know I think for him it was like yeah this is this is who I am now this is not who I was then did my son changed me you know and and and for the better Mhm. Mhm. And this is who I am now. And either you going to, you know, acknowledge and respect that or not. And so in the respecting of that, he was like, I'm proud of you, you know. I'm proud of you for saying what's on your heart. Really? Yeah. Kiki, that is incredible. It is. And we hope it stays there, right? You know, cuz life is up down. It grows forward. You know what I mean? Because we're always going to be family. Yeah. You know, and I believe and this is something that was also huge for me cuz it, you know, through the upset, through the through the down, through the human emotions of what I wanted for me, this is my son's father, you understand? And his esteem is built on who his parents are and who he believes them to be. And if he knows that we're humans and we make mistakes, but we have an opportunity to get up and change and do something better tomorrow, then he'll know that he can do the same. And so we're family, you know. That's how it's got to be. Oh, we That's how it's got to be. A mother. Come on. Nobody means more to me than my son. Mother. Where did you get his name from? Leotis. Oh my gosh. So that was uh Darius actually made his name. He wanted both our names, which is so crazy. My My parents did the same. My parents did that same [ __ ] Chicago like come on. Uh, [Applause] Willie, daddy named Willie. I guess my little sister's name is Lencia. My dad's Lawrence. That's too much. My parents email is Lauron. Larry and Sharon. Guys, y'all got to stop. It's too much. You said the email like email. It's Luran. It's Larry and Sharon together. Lauron. Lauron. Y'all were doing that shipping [ __ ] back in ' 85. I need you to stop. They was over there with the Vanessa and remember when they used to do that back in the day? Did you just Helina Lauron? So yeah, that was him trying to put like dairy us and Lauren like Lee owed us. Like it was just too much. But I said, "Hey, let's do it. Let's do it. It's adorable. I was pregnant." You know, anything. It's adorable. It's adorable. It's us. Fabulous. I turned it to Eddie. I love it. The name is good. No. And then also it was like a It sounded like a old name. Like I'm so I'm so like right. So I was like, it sounded like he was marching with Martin. And there it does. It's like Leotaas. That's what I thought. Hello. He going to be on somebody's campaign. Somebody, you know, I just want him to be like Michael from Good Times. Now, did you know and that's why the cage bird sings? Yes, son. Yes, son. Like literally, I was soon as he was born, I'm like Martin Luther King on the wall. See, I am the son of a king. Poetry. Well, see, cuz I was going to ask what would you do if he wants to be an actor? Oh, absolutely. I would be I would be and I can't wait. I mean, it's a family business. It's a family. I mean, the way brothers to me are one of the most iconic families that we've ever seen in this industry. The way that Keenan has been able to usher in shifted the industry. Truly, they are one of my most my me and my family's greatest inspiration. We just got all them living colors on uh on Amazon DVD child. Okay. So we got to live in color baby and we watch it on the weekends and get together as a family and that's what we we we hope you know as we continue to grow. My brother he's now going to Groundlings. We went to a show he had recently my sister she's trying to be on the lawyer team. Come on. You know and my older sister she does a inc she's a a professor and she does incredible uh critical theory pieces on art and film. So you know we we for us it's about Yes. 360. Yes. Yes. And so if Leo you know again he got to be like Estee Lauder son. He got to take over the family business, which means you got to get out here and work. That's right. Whether it's the community and the incubator system with Key TV or it's creating the movies with Big Boss Productions or the touring. He going to find a role that that part. Look, you going to you going to find something to do up in here. Okay. In this house, you know, we don't play. Okay. Uh, speaking of don't play, you really don't [ __ ] play. Okay. Because I'm thinking about like your your life even just in the last 12 months, right? So, Siza and Issa Ray, right? Unreal experience to know that that the movie went number one. What I mean, what did that actually feel like for you? It feels insane. And already they want a number two. Already they want a number. So, y'all have come up with the Y and they want to film it at the end of this year. What are these people doing to me? Girl, we want more. Nuts. That's nuts. Nuts. What? Issa, I'm about to send you something. Okay. I'm about to just Look, I got to Come on. Literally, come on. Exclusive. Come on. They they already thought I was in it anyway. You need to be in it. You know what I'm saying? I'm just saying. I love Issa. From the moment that she gave me the opportunity to produce this with her, that was way back when I did was doing GMA 3 with Michael Straan and Sarah Haynes. That's where it started. That's where it started. We were working on it. Working co happened. We were still working on it. After that, working on it, working on it. And then we got the opportunity to collaborate with Sizzle on it. She came in. We were all gagged. We were like, "Yes, girl. We see it for us. The studio saw it for us." And then the world saw it for us. I mean, y'all got hot Cheetos on people's cups. Okay. Like hot Cheeto martinis bubbling. Bubbling. Tastes good, though. Just a Y'all got some gluten-free hot Cheetos. Cheetos actually gluten-free. Is that just naturally? They're naturally gluten-free. Incredible. I love how you slip right. Do you hear me? The fact that you slip right in. They're naturally glutenree. Can I pitch you something? Oh, please. You know, we've talked about this over the years kind of sporadically in parts. Would you be interested in doing a summertime variety show? Yeah. Like it's we we'd host it, right? But we would bring like our friends and our family to do skits, to do music performances. It would be big. It would be for the summer limited run, limited series, but a variety nighttime variety show. Bigger, better. would love seriously to do this. Yes, for real. Absolutely. 1,000%. Okay. Cuz I think I think we need I would love to do it with you. Wouldn't it be so much fun? It would be so much fun. You'd have skits. There would be music. There'd be an audience. It would be something to uplift the folks. Exactly. You know, and have fun and bring that, you know, and have the culture in the forefront of that. You feel me? I would love to do that. Okay. And I already know I could trust you cuz you on point with your business. I know. We not playing. Yes. We're not playing. We got to do this. Would you accept this role? I would. Yes, I'll accept this role. Will you accept this role? You accept this role. Yes, I'll accept this role. Why did I do that again? Do you know that was our show? That was Access Hollywood. And after that, I got another call back. That was like six call backs. And then finally, they said, "We want to um will you accept this role?" And I was like, "Yes, I'll accept this role. Yes, I'll accept this role. Are you kidding me? I'll accept this role. Yes, I'll accept this role." Yeah. Like I was at Cheesecake Factory getting one of them bread rolls. Them brown ones. Y'all know what I'm talking about. The chocolate seepest roll. Yes. African-American roll. Septus roll. Yes. I'm serious. Let me know and let's get started. Let's done. Oh yes. Mhm. You ready for a game? You know I love games. Should we play a game? Yes. Let's do it. Oh my god. I'm so mad I got to go to my other job after this. See, I just want to hang out with you. Come on. You're the funnest. You can look. You can tell them we you can be late a little bit. Look, look. Remember me mean girls. I'm sick. I'm sick. [Music] All right, cakes. I'm so excited. He key, are you ready to play a little game? Yes. You know I am. Okay, so this game we're calling quick quit it. Quick quit it. Quick quit it. Okay, we're playing. We're on the same team. We're playing against the game. If we get more points than we lose, we're giving some away. We got a giveaway. Uhoh. I'm about to die. I'm about to die. I'm about to die. I'm about to die. I'm about to die. Why would I say catch him guys? I'm not Someone get him guys. Catch him guys is crazy with to this side. Catch him guys. That was crazy. Someone get him. Yeah, someone. Not me. Mine is really stable. Yeah. So, we got 60 seconds after you spin. So, if you land on singers, you pick up the corresponding card and you sing the clue, right? You're trying to get guess the singer. The same with actors. You want to give them a famous movie line they might have to try to get the the clue, you know, guessed. Are you ready? I'm ready. Okay. So, I think you should spin first. I'm so excited. Okay, here we go. [Music] Singers. All right. Shakira. Yes. I pan I couldn't think of her name. Here we go. What? Oh my gosh. What's this man's name? Um song. Uh my voice is low. Mary White say I'm weird. I wait [Applause] video. I'm so strange. Bork. Yes. I'm so strange. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Re. Yes. That's three. Okay. So, we got it. We got our point. Yay. Okay. That was good. That was fun. You said I said low. You said low. I can't think of this man. What is this song? My voice is love. The right song. I can't think of that [ __ ] I can't afford the license. Your love, babe. Yes. Can't get enough of your love, babe. That was so hard. Now, what's food? Now, what the [ __ ] is food? Yeah, that's why I'm like, what's food? I would get this. You got to pretend to be a plate of spaghetti. Right. Uh, okay. It's a coffee. It's not a cappuccino. It's not a latte. They make them in Australia. Americana. Uh in Australia. Yep. The if it's not your tire goes your tire can go flat. It's a flat white. Yes. Okay. Phew. Okay. Let's see. That's scary. Okay. Um uh this it's a hood favorite. You put it you have them on your on your you have them on your jeans and they the smooth. They're caliente. Have them on your jeans and they caliente. You have them on your jeans and they caliente. Caliente. Um or you put them in the microwave. They got a little sleeve. They got ham and cheese. Yes. Hot pocket. Yes. I accept this roll. Okay. Uh this is probably one of your favorites. I don't know. Maybe. Um you It's It's not a jammy one, but it's a It's Oh, it's a boiled egg. It's a scrambled egg. It's a devil egg. Yeah. Okay, that's three. We got it. Oh my gosh. This is so fun. So, these are our points. You know what I'm saying? We're trying to fill up our bucket. How many do we need? Nine. Nine. We need We got We got to have nine. We better get this [ __ ] going. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I'm so excited. that I love is actress. Oh, actress. Let's go. Yeah, we got a Ben and Snap. What? You know, uh uh darling, you know. Oh, Ben and Snab. Oh, uh um you know, uh is it uh Jennifer [ __ ] Oh [ __ ] Moisha. And what were you doing late at night? Oh, uh uh Shirley Ralph. Thank you. Moisha. Yeah. Like what did she say? Oh. Oh. Oh. Um. Oh. Um. Oh. Oh. Oh. Um. Oh. Um. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Oh, baby. Oh. Uh. Jimmy Fox. Wait, do you know this about you and Jamie Fox? Do you know this? So, like there's a there's a question that has been asked to almost every person on Earth. What two if you were stranded on a on a a desert island? What two entertainers are you bringing along with you? And I hate to say I'm going to snatch you from your real life, but you and Jamie Fox got to come with me. Okay. I know. Look, Leo, that is an honor. Leo, listen. Cuz Jamie Fox, Grandma Shar going to have to take care of cuz like [ __ ] got to come with us. Okay, that Jamie Fox standup show where he gets on that piano. He's like, "Uh, Braden, he's pretending to be doing the Brady Bunch doing every single like what did he do? Baby Face, Luther Van." Yes. So good talent. I mean, he's the best. I want both of y'all. Oh my gosh. I'm there. I'm just going to say it. All in. Hey, I love this game so much. How the [ __ ] I keep landing on food? Good thing I know food. Okay, the worst kind of dessert. They're here in LA and they're they're salty and they're dry and it's um um people like them, but they're not good at all. Uh if it's if it's almost that it's like a it's like what's what happens at the bottom of a of a of a dessert of a thing like a little ant thing you're going to crackers. Yep. The second Oh, no. No. Or a a Yep. But it's a with the little cookie crumble. But say it the other way. Crumble cookie. Yes. Oh, I I don't nasty. Sorry. Sorry to the brand. Sorry to the brand. Sorry to that brand. Oh no. Oh. Oh my god. Why would you put this in here? This is trash. Uh they stink every Thanksgiving. People make them shitless. Mhm. Okay. Uh uh uh. You eat it at the Japanese restaurant. It's not wagoo. eat at a Japanese restaurant. Uh uhuh. But it's the steak. But what's a what is the [ __ ] Oh, they call it It's not wagu. No, no, no. What is a [ __ ] It's It's a kind of If I'mma go to the sushi. Yeah, there we go. We did that. Thank gosh. Time almost went out. I was scared. So was I. You was like, "Damn, [ __ ] Give me the shit." Actress. All right. Here we go. You a lie and you a cheat and I don't want you. I don't want you. I don't want you no more. I never hurt you, Katie. I never do you wrong. Angela Basset. Yes. When you did that for Angela Basset, I was I know. She was so When I did Joyful Noise, literally Queen would have me do it like once a week. I was ready. She was like, she's the one. She's why y'all be getting it. Oh, okay. Um Um Give me a revo. When you did that at the NAACP Awards, I also love I had to give that to my sister. Now, why did they edit in Whitney and I think I don't know who it was. They were like, "This was the vibe." Cuz it was it was beautiful. Oh my gosh, I was so proud. And then and then at the Essence Black Women in Hollywood, she had when she got back on stage, she was like, "No, I would I really want you to know what that meant to me." To be able to to to love on her and your moment of love. It was everything. You know, we're going to do one more. We going to do one more. We got to stick together. Oh. Oh, okay. Now Jackie is back. Uh, have y'all voted today? I'm going to do a song for you to make sure you go to those polls. Jennifer [ __ ] Lewis. Have you voted? You remember what she was doing? She was singing the piano. Democracy is what we need. I don't want political [ __ ] with me in these streets. Literally. Literally. I put a ball in for us. We're almost there. Singers. Okay. I didn't know we're allowed to pass. Ah, when I was a little girl, I had a rag doll. The only doll I ever owned. And now I love you just the way I love that rag doll. Yes. Only now my love is grown. Yes, that was it. I love your baby. Yeah. What is it? How she do that? Yeah. Uh uh uh uh uh uh. Yeah, that's it. You gave a difficult one. I would have just Oh, no. Bush. Oh, nutbush. She was in them show. Okay, here we go. Um, uh, I uh I float float float. I don't walk. I don't dance. I just Oh, Janelle Monet. I love that song. Float. Yes. Float. Float. I think Taylor wrote that. See? Yeah. Come on now. You didn't make it. Damn. That's cuz we was having a good time. Yeah, we was playing too much. Damn. Whatever. [Applause] Singers. Here we are. Okay. Oh my god. Godfather. What? James Brown. Godfather. God. I said, "Oh, I thought it was Jesus. He died and went on the cross." Godfather. I to be God's son. Jesus would be God. Okay. I know you see me watching you and I see you watching me. I know your body's calling me. Temptation is killing me. That's Beyonce. I love that. That's the one you went to. Right. I did something off the top. I thought you was going to go to the left. To the left. I was testing you. Yeah. I passed. Yeah. Jello. Jello. Okay. I see your picture on the mirror when somebody call your name. You know how I know. You know who you That's it. This goes out to all my baby mama. My baby mama. Why did she do a bad lip on the B? That is such a strange ad li. No, but because it was in her spirit. Here we go. I mean, baby mama, though. You got to win this. One, two. I know. We're so close. Don't go to food. Okay. Actors. Okay. Here we go. This will be fun. Say what again. Say what again? Say what another [ __ ] time. And I Okay. Okay. How about this? Uh, Gator, what happened to the TV? Mama, I smoked the TV. Okay. Uh, um. Uh, uh, uh. O. Um. What the hell is this? Yep. Okay. So, he's he's in he's in every movie. He's most bankable actor. That's it. Samuel Jackson. Um, uh, I She ready. She ready. Yeah. Okay. Uh I mean I just I'm dating Kylie Jenner and Okay. Yes. That's Woo. Yo impression everything. I love I love dating. I was trying to be hair, right? I just was like what what would you do if you were hair? I'd be like I d you know viral moments. Viral moments. Watch them all be you. Uhoh. Uhoh. Actually, that's not true. Ellen, what exactly? Oh, is that uh the the the girl from the 50 Shades? Uh-oh. Keep my wife's name out your Oh, that's Will Smith smacking Chris Rock. Yeah. At the Oscars. Yep. Woo! What a night. What a night. Oh, we did it. We did it, Joe. Oh, Kla Harris. Yes. Kla Harris after the win of the presidency. Yes. Good. Kla Harris winning the presidency. Here we go. Three wish. Were you silenced? Or were it? That was Oprah, though. Were you silent? That was Were you silent? Were you silent? Yeah. Were you silent? Were you silent? Were you silenced? That was deep. That was a good ass question. Oprah got into her bag like this. Were you silent or were you Were you silenced? And she was like the ladder. Ooh. And now she cooking that part at her house. Well, not her house. Tyler's. I'm kidding. Slang. Slang. Let's get into it. Okay, here we go. We can do this. You're doing it right now with your foot. What's your foot? Your foot is slang. What's your foot doing? Got my foot in it. No. What's your foot doing? What's it doing right now? It's being bare. No, literally. What's it doing on the flow? Put it on the floor. But it's it's it's green. Put it on the grass. Yeah. But like just just [ __ ] it. What was that? Touch grass. Oh, go outside and touch grass. That's right. Yeah. Oh, strong. Or when you when you have to own them. You You own them. Own them. What do you do with a muscle? You hit it. You My god. What? Yes. Oh my god. That was scary, boo. One more. Let's do Okay. Um. Uh. Come on. We've got to get through this. Oh, this is very regular. It's not special. It's very like in the middle. Cool. Chill vibing. It's very like not great. It's not the worst. It's It's all right. It's not Yep. Also also known as mid. Mid. Oh my gosh. This is super. I said wait. I said when you have to own them. You said strong. Strong. Yeah. Let's see if Let's see. Let's see how you do 4 + 4 is eight. Ooh. Yes. Okay. When we be like it's like where we going is about to be either or and then my name is a part of it. It's a key key but go the it's about to be up lit. Keep it with Keep it with the key. You said key lit key up. What's the other word for up like when you smoking weed? Ha. High key. Low key. Thank you. High key low. Oh [ __ ] He went all around. Okay. It's not boy science. Okay. Girl math. Thank you. We made it. We did it. We did it. Which means we won, which means you won. Oh my god. Kiki Palmer, this has been so fun. So much so much fun. Like, I love you. I love you so much. I love you. I had so much fun and I can't wait till we be cutting up in the summer time. Come on. It's so good. This was a bomb. You're the bomb. Come on. Look. Let's get you to set. Come on. Shoot. Off to my other job. Sham, Lee. Come on, Lee. It's so great being in your house. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
