<!-- youtube-transcripts-people/_raw/keke-palmer-breakfast-club.raw.md -->

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4otFzbehp9U

Keke Palmer Talks 'Just Keke,' Split From Darius Jackson, Working With Eddie Murphy, SZA + More

Breakfast Club Power 105.1 FM
6.03M subscribers

Subscribe

11K

Share

Ask

Save

Wake that ass up in the morning. The breakfast club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are the Breakfast Club. Lor Roza is here as well. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes, we do. Her album is out today, ladies and gentlemen. Kiki Palmer, welcome. Hey, hey, hey. So, is this live? It's Friday. Oh, it's Friday. Okay. Yeah. So, yeah, it's out. The album is out right now. How are you feeling? How's everything? I'm good. It's good to see you. You know, I know Jess. Good to see you again. And Lauren, congrats. Like I was telling you on everything you're doing. It's good to be back. I'm sad Charlemagne ain't here. My boy, he's in uh France. Okay. Well, hey, he's in a better place. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You got to do it for us. Is that Is that the Is that you know it's your girl crazy. You are everywhere all the time. Oh my gosh. What made you want to drop an album that is more personal? Right. Because even even your your bodies of work before this, right? They they weren't as personal as this. Like this seems like this is like it's a different type of Kiki this time. Yeah, for sure. I mean, I think the life changes. It changed me, my experiences after having my son, turning 30, and even all the public stuff. So, I think it just made the music more personal because I was personal in those other projects, but I wasn't the me that I am today. So when you get more personal, it always impacts your art. Do you feel like people try to sometimes keep you in that box of being a childhood actor and entertainer and not say, "Look, I'm 30. I got kids, but you still look at Kiki as that young child actor." Yeah. Even with Leo, people still do. I'm not mad at it. I love it. I mean, I feel like I'm everybody little cousin. So, I mean, you know, I do think people think of it like that, but it ain't a bad thing to be, you know. What when was the turning point for you of like okay like you felt the change of like this is mother Kiki Palmer versus it's your girl Kiki Palmer? From the moment that I met my son literally on my on my stomach right after I had him. I was just like son I'm so glad to meet you and everything changed. I'm sure you know as a mom it it sounds crazy but the blink of an eye all the things that you used to think about worry about what bothered you as long as that baby is good everything else is great. You don't care about nothing else. You don't care about nothing else. Yeah. the stakes become way less in your world and way higher for them. Now, break down this album a little bit. This album, we could tell that you got your director hat on cuz this is shot like a movie, right? There's an intro, there's a middle, and there's an outro. And and you if for people that that haven't heard it yet, um you break it down kind of like the problem. Yep. I'm whing out and then we gonna make it work. So, break it down a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. So, I think it's definitely like kind of what you said the beginning is like, you know, I wonder how I got here. We start out with offscript. Usha got you here. That's how I got here. Usha got into some things. Usha got you here. But go ahead. So, we go from offscript to and it kind of is like a sketch show cuz it's just Kiki the show when you enter. That's the device that kind of takes us through the vignettes of the music video. And pretty much we get into that middle and it's kind of like this is how it happened. This was the love story and then this is how things went left. And and now we end on misunderstood where it's kind of like it's still open-ended of how do you how do you now make sense of it all um and being okay with not actually having made sense of it but know you're moving forward especially the best possible way for my son. Now we're joking about it but was Usher the the the problem or was it just the the thing that that that made everything burst? It was just the public you know thing that made that was like an inciting incident. But you know relationships have problems you know what I mean? Usher is, you know, decid, you know, besides what you think because of the Boondocks episode, he don't, you know, he's not the person. It's just life, you know, and after having a kid and just whatever else, growing, needing to mature. But the Usher moment just made it like a public thing because of y'all. If when I take my wife to see us Usher Oh. And he comes with the cherries, I'm grabbing the cherries and be like, "Put them in my mouth." Like, "Put them in my mouth. We here together." Y'all are silly. That That's what we doing. So, but Oh, sorry. Okay. But so you broke it down. Obviously it it wasn't just the usher because we've been listening to the music and you get like to it, you know what I mean? Like we um Lauren, you know the tracks the the one she Well, it's it's a it's a lot of particular one. The Steman one. Well, I think they're talking about what was the offscript. Off script. Off script. So when you start with all script you which I thought was an ironic play on your life because we've seen you so scripted and so well that we think so well put together but this was the first time where we're like wait what's happening with Kik life what's going on right now right so in that you talk about first of all you say um that it wasn't even about fighting for money you guys were fighting to figure out how it'll work with your child you and your ex or not ex um your ex um and then you also talk about uh you're basically you you're trying to show him that you love filing. You're like, "I even let you get me pregnant." And when you said that, I'm like, "Wow." So, before we found out about all the Usher things and all that stuff that happened, I found out. But before that happened, were there like insecurities in the relationship from his part and you felt like being, you know, bringing a kid into the world would change things or like what was that line about? Yeah. I mean, I think I can't speak for him, but obviously there was discomfort. or anytime you're dating somebody in the public eye and you're not a person of the public eye, it just brings a dynamic that really you don't you can't explain unless you've experienced it or if that person is also in the public eye. Um, and then when I said the thing about my son, it's like you do think when you decide when you and someone come together and decide to have a child and y'all made that decision and that, you know, that was my son was brought in purposefully that hey, we're on the same page, but it doesn't mean that. And I think even more so after you have a kid, you start to see things that maybe you didn't see the way you saw them before. It almost opens up whatever insecurities you have, whatever insecurities they have, because you go from being a one to a two and now a three. Um, and so yeah, I think, you know, having a child, it really will test the relationship and and show you who you have to be to show up for that child. You felt like you had to prove yourself in a relationship just like cuz you are a star, right? You are in the public eye. And sometimes for somebody that doesn't understand that, it feels like you're kind of leaving them. So, did you feel like you had to prove even more that no, I do love you? No, I am here for this situation. Did you feel like you had to prove that even more? I think there are elements of that, even if you don't go in thinking that that's what you're doing. Um, I think that there could have been. I I felt like I grew so much in terms of learning better boundaries with myself because honestly, I never would really even be public with a relationship, but this was a different love, right? This is the love that brought Leo, my son, into into my life. So it was it was a different level. So I was pushing the envelope with my personal and professional boundaries. Um and I I don't want to say I regret it, you know, because it is what it is and it opened up a new phase of my life of how I want to be less fragmented and be more integrated in there, but at the end of the day, yeah, it's like I'm never going to not be Kiki Palmer, you know, I can't turn that off. It's not a costume that I can remove. So it's going to always kind of be a thing that whatever relationships I have are going to have to understand or work around. Mhm. You know, you got that line in there that they mentioned uh that you thought he was going to be your stman. Okay. Right. Cuz I mean cuz that when my dad heard that line, my dad said it was a good role. I mean all he had to do was be stabbing. That was it. It's a good I mean Stabman's chilling in my mind. Chilling, you know, laid back. He letting it letting the world let Oprah be Oprah. It is what it is, you know. So yeah. Stemman. When he heard the line, uh was there a conversation with you and him when he heard the line? Cuz Steman doesn't, you know, he never said nothing about the Steman line, actually. Yeah, he never he never said nothing about that. Yeah. I don't know what he thinks about the Steman. Do he know Steman? Right. Exactly. Probably don't even know, man. Did you let him hear the album? I did. What was his his Yeah, he was happy for me. He was like, I'm glad you're you're you're transmuting. I mean, he didn't use those words transmuting, but he was like, I'm glad that you're telling your story and you're allowing yourself to be more open in your music in a way that you weren't before. You know, and I again, I don't know that I would even know this part of myself without this experience and experience having not happened, right? Even though it wasn't it wasn't on script, right? Sometimes going off script is better for the movie. So, hey, I'mma ride the wave. Yeah. Are y'all cordial or are y'all Yes. I mean, we're a relationship like now. We're in a greater place, you know, co-parenting, putting our son first, and that's what it's about. And so, I'm very grateful. I mean, the minute when it all went down, I was not sure how we were going to move forward. Yeah. And I really do in the album take everybody through that journey of what am I going to do now? Yeah. Um, but now again, the great thing I've learned, my mom has always said, just keep living. You know, sometimes people are ready to step up in the ways they need to. And so I'm happy for my son. And you are completely transparent in this album. Like, girl, I was triggered cuz with my first baby father, like I it was it was so much going on there and with that family, did his family did did Darius's family say anything about, you know, did he put them on? Cuz I, you know, the album is out today. Are they listening right now at the house? Cuz you mentioned them in the on the album. You mentioned, you know, you know, I don't know what I would love to know what they thought of the confessions, you know, cuz we definitely went in there. But, you know, the families feud families, you know, it's a thing. you know, anytime that families are joining, but you know, I be praying on it and that everything goes good and as long as you respect me, I'll respect you and that's it. Yeah. Now, is this that that Mary Jay Blah album? They always say like there's the Mary album, there's the Kesha Cole album, there's certain albums that breakups push this project for writers and and for yourself. Like this is my I want y'all to hear me now. Is this this album for you? I think so for sure. And I would have never been able to do it without Taylor Parks. I think she's either she's Oh, there she is right there. Um because we've been best friends since I was 9 years old. And I was thinking when I was approaching cuz my my manager was like, "Okay, so what's the next album?" I just dropped Big Boss, which was also a visual album. And he was like, "So, what's the next project?" And I knew that I had something to say, but I was afraid of what that would be. And so when I decided to actually sit down and start working on the project, I was like, I Taylor needs to executive produce this whole thing because she's the only person I'm willing to really share my feelings with to get to what I want to get to as an artist. You know, you have to grow and evolve as a person for your music or for anything that you do to be true. And I didn't want to step into the studio and do anything that wasn't going to be true to where I am today. I did not want to be on the surface with it. To me, that would have just killed me. But there's something you had to take out that was a little too far. We're going to bring you up in the second tail. I want to know if there's something that a little too far you'd be like, "Nah, you're not putting that in there." Or, "Nah, this is going a little too far." And, "Nah, I ain't talking about his mama like that." Like, was there something like that? I mean, all of it was probably something I would have been thinking, "Oh, no, no, no." But the way that it came together in the studio and the love and the safe space that it was, I was I really was like, "Okay, Taylor, let's let's go." You know, when we when she was safe with me, we had conversations and she was like, "We need to say that." And I'm like, "No, no, no." And she's like, "We need to say that." And so I was like, "Okay, I'mma hold your hand the whole way through it and let's say that." I mean, especially in off script script. I mean, you let me get me pregnant. Oh [ __ ] Yeah. That remember when we that I was like, Taylor, no. No. Can we can we can we bring Taylor up to the mic? That was crazy. We got to take a seat. Pull up Taylor's mic. Oh my. That's why I think it's really important like would you agree that it's important that you have to have you know like some type of like relationship with your writer because this person this is your real life. This ain't no game. Like you know this it's it is very it's information that can't be told the wrong way. So you have to have a person to really really nail your narrative. That's right. And I mean there's a reason why Jack Antonov and Taylor Swift don't don't you know separate apart because at the end of the day you need that person that just what you said can help tell your story within the tone of you. And these are such big themes of heartbreak. Um you know what people not say at the top of the album. You know you just another baby mama. Anybody that it didn't work out you you those are the thoughts those are the things. Those are the feelings. But one thing that's true about Kiki is that there's also so much joy and humor. I'm the type of person that's going to crack a joke in the middle of a crying session. And so that's what I love about the music that we were making. Taylor knows that about me. And so there's humor to it. There's levity to when I'm saying some of these things where it's like, did she really just, you know, now we only arguing about my way, my way? Wait a minute. You know, where it we have that moment where you feel like you hear Yes. the pain, yes, the grief, yes, the anger, but also the joy. Yeah. Now, T, I want to tell you before you walked in, it was like her writer's coming. She picked up the paper said, "Taylor, she writes with Chris Brown. Oh my god, I know who is she knows everything Chris Brown. Anything Chris Brown you ask her, she will know and and I just anyway is one of my favorite songs." Yes. Even though it is back back in her but listen, I love it. It's a different vibe. It's a whole like you're very very talented. You work with a lot of great M with Mariah Carey, Ariana Grande, all those hits. What? Ariana Grande, all of that. Thank you. It's been a good time. You know, doing this with with the bestie. I was like, "Oh, this is going to be a new thing." What's the difference with working with her than working with all those other people? I think like my brand specifically like as a just a writer is always like this everything that I want to give to you as a creative is like they're not going to get this in the interview. And like that is the moment that they tune in to the album. And I've been able to do that with so many other people. But with doing it with you, somebody who has been one of my oldest friends, it was like, okay, we're about to talk about something that was one of the, I don't know, the craziest time periods in in your life, and it's going to be really hard. And it's not easy for artists to open up to anybody. Like, it's not easy to say now, okay, we got an hour. Boom, boom, boom. Spill your guts. Like, that's really hard to do. Um, and and also when you're still processing it and we were able to do that like throughout this I will never forget the conversation we had the first day. First of all, we did offscript and misunderstood in the same day. And Taylor was like, "So, what's going on?" And I said, "You tell me what's going on." She said, "No, you tell me what's going on cuz we need to talk about it. Where are you now?" And I'm like, "Well, I don't know." And so then I start talking and we have a long I mean, the conversation went from inside to outside. We were smoking. We were sipping. and I started crying and I'm like, damn, I didn't know that I needed to get this out because I am that person because I'm always positive. Like positivity, joking, humor, it's who I am, but it's also a defense mechanism to process, right? And so I spent so much time putting all of the all the ugly stuff to the side about how I felt about this in my life that when we sat down and talked and she was making me look at it, I was like, "Wow, I really needed to get that out." Right? And we could still do it in a way that which is what makes that nobody else could sing these songs is because only you cope this way in this particular way. Like I can't write these funny kind of jokey type of things for other artists because it's your personality that makes the song just so you and your experience and your way of dealing with the hard [ __ ] So what time period was this when you guys sat down? Y'all talk like what what month? What year? Where were we at? So we was in Atlanta at Tyler's. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And uh we uh were what what I was filming the Boots Riley movie. I love Boosters. And what month was that? Oh my gosh. I went in We wrote the album really fast though. Very fast. How how was how what fast? What time? What you mean fast? So we got to four songs in Atlanta. Yeah. Four songs in LA. Yeah. And it was like a span of three days. Three or four days. Like total she was filming at the same time. Got to cam. cam, you know, like coming in and just being like, "Okay, I'm brought my studio set up with me. Got all the stuff." Literally was like, "Okay, we gonna set up in the house. We'll film. We'll record after you're done filming." And she just knocked it out. But it was literally, I would say, like a week total of just being like, "Let's go." So, you are filming a movie. Yeah. And making the album. That's all you It It's all the same like you've ever done is just work, work, work. When does Kiki get to be Kiki? Like even even with going through everything with the breakup and all of that and then you had just had your baby, people don't stop to think like this girl just had a whole another person, right? And then they take everything from you. It was your first time. You know what I mean? Every pregnancy is different, but it's your first time. And it's like, yes, you know, you got per postpartum, you know, and you know, you want to make sure that you're doing everything right for this baby and then you got this breakup, then you got the work and then you got your fans and then you're still trying to protect this man because you were still trying to protect him after like that tweet after the the the whole big blow up cuz you didn't say nothing for a while. Yeah. Right. And really, I didn't say anything because it wasn't even trying to protect him because a lot of people would say, "Maybe you should have cuz Twitter's ripping him to shreds." So people, a lot of people were like, "Why is she not, you know, saying something to jump in?" And it's because that's not the relationship I had with my audience. It's not the relationship I ever wanted to have. I feel like I take it so seriously. You know, when I came up into the game, my parents would speak to me about Ruby D, Azie Davis, Muhammad Ali. They were like, "You, you know, your platform, especially as a black woman, a black person, it's you, something you should wear with pride. When you come to the table, it needs to be something that our people can be proud of." So, like, I wanted all that to be in the back. So, when everything was coming out, you know, I was like, I don't want to say this because this is not what I want to bring to the public. But then it became so much that, you know, it it was just my life. So, when I when I did the album, it was not addressing, protecting, or it was just kind of like this, I've got to tell my story. But I wasn't happy with any of those things. I was I don't condone any of the things that people saw. I hate that they had to see any of that because that's not what the imagery I want. You know, this is your girl Aquila. But at the end of the day, that's why I had to move the way I had to. That's why I had to call the lawyers, handle it. Exactly. Because this isn't correct, you know, and and that's important to me. But I I did it the way that I felt it should have been handled in in the courts in private. So when the public thing happened, that ain't that ain't me. That ain't my T. that ain't my judge. You're going to learn more about me through the work that I do. Um, and the things that I think are are worth bringing to you. My life troubles, a relationship. I felt like that was petty. Yeah. That's how I felt. Now, you talked about healing through this album, right? Yes. Why was this album healing to you? And did you see outside healing as well? So, what do you mean by outside healing? Therapy. Oh, yes. So, I've been in therapy since I was like 17. not consistently, but I started the therapy thing and and like knowing that that was a normal thing to do at about age 17. So, I love therapy. I was in therapy before after, you know, whatever. Why the album was healing for me was because, you know, again, we talk about the inciting in incident of the Usher concert, but the inciting incident of love changed me and made me start seeing myself differently because it shows you who you are. or the closer you get to people in relation, you start to see sides of yourself that you maybe have forgotten. So there was level of fragmentation from just being growing up in the show business that I hadn't addressed either. I got piles of [ __ ] in the corner, you know, that I hadn't dealt with. So all of it brought me back to me. And that's why I think it was ultimately healing because it was just it was healing that Kiki that used performance as a way to bring joy to her family that grew up in poverty. It was healing that girl that realized that the world doesn't really see me for who I am, but I'm going to keep performing anyway till I can buy my way to my own stage and be able to tell my full story on my own time. That's who it healed. It it started the process of integrating not just Kiki Palmer, the persona, but Lauren Palmer, the drama tur, the person who's been the awareness behind, you know, it's your and the gag, the real person. That's who it brought me back to being at the forefront of What about Oh, my bad. I was going to ask you because you talked about like things coming on, people seeing things. I remember there was the images of you guys getting into the physical altercation and you got the restraining order. Yeah. And that was so different than what we were used to having to talk about when it came to you and people were really upset. What was your first thought in your mind when those the images came online and then the audios with your mom and his family going back and forth? Like what were what was Kiki behind the the gag is thinking? I hate that people had to see that. That's not what I want people to see. I wasn't even thinking about me. I mean, because I already knew what happened, you know? It was, oh no, this isn't what the This isn't what I want people to see. Um, but then on the other hand, I was like, obviously, I don't condone this and that's why I had to move. That's what I say I had to call the lawyers. I had to handle I had to move the way I needed to move because that's not what I what I that's not cool to me. But just the fact that people had to see it, I hated it for my fans, for the people that cared about me. I don't believe in stressing folks out and giving them drama and all that type of stuff. So for me it got out because I took it to the court and people give information. Some of those things as a public figure you really can't control. Um but always know I'mma handle it. What did your father say during that time when all that came out? Cuz I know he's a deacon. Yeah. But I sometimes deacon going to say look I God I can't pray today. I'm got to put hands on somebody. Sharing was going off in Larry. I mean he was right there. Yeah. He was right Larry was right there. We're sharing the same vibes. I mean, what you heard on that phone, you know, my parents are going to defend to the nth and they're going to correct things. My parents are loving and forgiving people. Obviously, we know that that's my son's father. Um, so if there's a way to move forward, we're willing to move forward. But there's a there's a particular way that you got to move forward. Exactly. And you need to know what those lines are. Exactly. And again, boundaries. It's a boundary. You know what I'm saying? Boom. Boom. That's best friend. I know. That's right. She said, "I'm not just a writer." Yeah. No, because I don't play. I mean, she was there when Leah was born. She set up his his bassinet. She was there, so she knows. How did your um how did your parents feel? I I think we saw some of this kind of play out, but like when they tried to when when your child's father came out in response to what we had saw, the the um the video or the images or whatever, and they tried to make it seem like, well, she's adding to the drama. She's causing things to happen. How did you talk about Sharon? Talking about they were saying my mom or saying me? You both. Well, they were they they tried to put it on your mom first and then uh there was things that came out where he tried to make it seem like well you also I think right he tried to allege that you also get physical or get aggressive in the relationship as well too. Yeah. I mean I feel like it was a bunch of that out there. You asking what I felt about it? Yeah. How did you feel when that happened? Damn, this is crazy. I was just thinking, man, this is so ugly and this is so unfortunate that this is coming to the public. I just believe in keeping certain things private. I don't care what I'm dealing with. I'm really not going to bring it to anybody unless it's the close ones to me and people that I know can handle it cuz it's not anybody else's responsibility. So, I just thought that's unfortunate. That was my main thing. That's all I could be thinking about. And as far as people people thought about my mom, my mom was doing what she thought was best. She was defending her daughter. I mean, I would do do whatever I had to do. You know what I mean? Defend my child. So, I the whole time all I thought was I'm silent because I really don't know. I Why would I go online and say substitute? You know, I didn't get what I was supposed to do. So, I was just kind of quiet and and gagged and just like, "Ugh, can't wait till this is over." And I think people so many other people got to tell what their interpretation of what happened is and their opinion of all of these other things. And so, for you to just be able to be silent until you actually had a moment to write it out, really comprehend it. That's the best thing that you could have done for the situation. You know what? Mamas don't play cuz you know what your mama did, Tina do. where she felt like people she getting tired of hearing, you know, misconceptions about her baby. She'd be up in them. She don't play about it. So I Your mom was just doing what any mother would do. I mean, back in the day, my mom used to run all my social media and this is like back in the day day like when people didn't know what trolls was and stuff like that. She ran my Twitter up until I was like 17 or whatever. I would love to see those messages. No, because one time I was on somebody was like, "Yo, you got a lot of followers on your public page." Cuz I used to only have private pages. Like everything would be separate from me. Private page, public page, everything. And so I was like, "What do you mean?" So I go on the page and I seek you the [ __ ] [ __ ] And I was like, "Shar," I'm like, "Mom, you can't do She" She was like, "But they were talking about my daughter." And I'm like, "Shar, they think she was literally cussing them clean out." And I'm like, "Mom, they think that's me. You can't say that. So then that was the day I took over my sights cuz I'm like now Sharon this given my mom would posted a video. Yo period. No seriously. And so yeah, you know that's going to be Sharon and I I love her for it. She's protected me viciously through this industry. I I feel like I am who I am because of it. Now you said the music industry is soulless. Man, it definitely can be. Why Why do you Why do you think that is? And is that the reason you decided to do the independent way? So I think any corporation is can be sold anywhere that a lot of money is being made it can be soulless right and and I feel that way people always say it about Hollywood and it's like oh you know Illuminati it's like well have you heard of politics like it can get dark anywhere um but I think from my experience the reason why I feel like music was very soulless to me because you could say acting can be as well but my personal experience is just it's not a character it's you you know I remember when I got signed to Atlantic Records when I was 12 years old and they had me going to the court and they were like, "Do you know you're going to be signed to Atlantic Records?" Yes, I know. And I understand you don't know what it means and you don't understand the like that you've become a product. Um, and again, when it's your music, it's different than a character because it's you that they're monetizing. It's you that they are creating things on the back of. So when you are then told that it didn't work and we're done with you or we're no longer supporting you, it's hard not to take that personal, right? And then we can get into the weeds of what it means when people own your music. You know, these are your stories of your life that you have no control over the narrative of where they go. It becomes soulless because it's it's it there's no ownership there, but it's you and someone else owns it. Obviously, people have talked about it for years. It's not a unique concept. I so much so that Prince changed himself into a symbol. Y'all done took my damn name. Now I'm just, you know what I mean? It you are, it's a product. Um, and again, so much of Just Kiki shows that, you know what I'm saying? Where I talk about that transition from me not believing that I have to solely exist as a product, that I'm not going to be just a tap dancer and do no, I'm going to be the puppet master, not just the puppet. I'm pulling my own strings. But it's very easy for that to all get warped when you're just trying to make your dreams come true, right? Um, and you have people in this game that have been doing it for years and they know how to do it better than you and they don't care. There's no emotion attached like it is for you and your music and your art. But this is in every industry. I mean, there's artists, painters that don't own their pieces. Um, so it's it's it's it's just it's these industries. I think that's also why I believe in diversifying so much, why I believe in ownership, um, and why I believe in diversifying because you can't put your eggs in one basket or one industry, one corporation. And that's how you pigeon hole yourself and how you stop yourself from being able to really do any and everything you want to do. It was me doing acting, hosting, and everything in between as a social media content creator that even allows me to create something like Just Kiki while I'm able to spend my own money because I made it, you know. So, it's it's it's a lot. Yeah. Now, I want to go back to the album. Act three, right? Act three. Now, and visual, you know, you're in military gear, right? And it's like I want to know it like do you is that like a segue like of y'all you and um Darius y'all like reconciling where y'all are getting back together? I think it's definitely a reconciliation of things will never be the same again. You know there's a quote that comes up in the visual where it says how do you mourn a love that will never die yet and still can never be the same again? M and then that's when we go into like you said unless it's you and it's like the military stuff and so it's definitely an homage because obviously he's in the military you know and I I respect him doing that and want to make sure that he has something to offer our son you know obviously he had he was he many jobs before but this is a career you know what I mean come with benefits and I think you know having a child come with benefits you know and he was thinking about our son so it's like definitely you know shout out to that but also I loved just being able to to timestamp the love that brought my son in. I think it's so important when things don't go right or you have baby mama, baby daddy drama, at the end of the day, people it was there was a love that created this child. And when my son watches this, I want him to know that that was how deep it was. And that might have been I remember when Taylor played that for me, I literally cried because I was like, you know, I don't I perform a lot of things in my life. I perform joy. I perform hardship. I I can perform really anything, but I've never felt comfortable performing Love. It's much too sacred to me because it's not a performance. It's true. It's real. And that was real. I mean, everything on this album is real, but that's that's me showing the world something sacred and real that I would never show. Very, very vulnerable. It's not giving the gags. It's not giving any of those things. It's given wow, I the human am I have fallen for somebody. And that's very different than any accolade or anything that you've like achieved. That's why I think that it's the most vulnerable like album. But how did you get to that point like she's very vulnerable like but but not only that she talks about her sexuality. She talks about things that most people have been hiding behind. So what gave you to say, you know what, I don't care. I'm just going to take it all off and let you see me. What got you to that? Because I was exposed. Yeah. There we the one thing I never wanted to be the the inciting incident you you know expose one of the lyrics like you you you're showing the things that I don't even like about myself. How dare you when you're exposed at that point. Well, now I'm I'm damn sure not going to let you tell my own story for me. Now we got to So now that it's out now that it's out there, it gives me another reason to create something that I never would have created before because I've evolved and I've changed from this and now I have something new to say. You know, art is all about having something to say. Performing, you performing because you got something to say. Yeah. I never had a reason to say that. Yeah. Till now. You never perform love, but you never perform hurt either. That's another thing. We always see Kiki like, you know, other than the gaggage is just putting smiles on people faces. She'll make you laugh. Even if you don't want one laugh. Yeah. You laugh, she pull it out of you and things like that. Like now that you are and and you don't you probably don't even look at it as like, oh, I'm performing hurt. This is really you didn't just make this for you. This is really good and I thank you for it as well because this is it's so many women that has gone through this that's going through this and it's not going to stop. You know what I mean? So this is for that's why when he asked you like is this like the Kesha Cole with the emergency blotch? I think it's this for this reason because now we see another layer of Kiki that we can resonate with. Exactly. You know what I'm saying? You've been in show since she was damn near a baby. Yeah. So that's why I asked you in the beginning, what when can you be Lauren? Like not Kiki, when can you be Lauren and you just in your room and you just like take everything off cuz you are a very performative person and you do it well. Oh gosh. Thank you. But like when can you just be you without the industry at all? Like acting all that singing. When I'm with my family. Yeah. When I'm with my family and Taylor know, you know, because we grew up together. When I'm with my family, sometimes I'm not even the funniest person in the room. My family is a bunch of characters. You know what I'm saying? Like a lot of times I'm performing them. What you see I'm performing my love for my culture, my lineage, blackness. I'm giving that to the world. You know what I'm saying? Because that's what I all I saw growing up. I have so much a great sense of pride coming from Chicago. Like come on now. Yeah. Um but when I'm at home, a lot of times I'm very serious, you know, like I'm sure you know as a comedian a lot of the jokes come from serious tough stuff. So, I'm I could be a very serious person. I could be very quiet, you know, and I'm in my head a lot and I think and I care. I have deep emotions. Um, so yeah, I I when I'm at home with my family, the people that have kept me grounded are the people that allow me to be me and I don't have to make them laugh. I don't have to do nothing. I can just sit there and chill. I was at Father's Day with my, you know, with my dad. We were all at the house. I'm in the pool with my son. We laughing. We drinking. We talking. We playing we golf. And that's just us, you know. It's nothing really spectacular. I don't really live a famous life. Yeah. You know, but it it's the industry I work in. I want to ask you about uh well, first of all, there's skits on the album that uh there's different shows that you emulate. So, you have Moisha, then it's Living Single. Um you the A Kiki and the Bee, I thought that was cute as well, too. Um so, I guess creatively the decision to to drop those little hints in there, like what are those shows like what does that what do those shows mean to you that you wanted to put them on this album where you're telling your your side of the story? Well, Brandy obviously I love. Everybody that knows me knows that she's one of my greatest inspirations. Um, but also she's a pop icon, a black pop icon. Same thing with Whitney Houston. We reference her uh visually and exposed. And I think I relate to them because they were also women in the industry that again big entertainers that you get flattened, you know, and it's and that's that's big because as a black woman, we're so new. I mean, as women, as people in general, but obviously us culturally, there's so much nuance that doesn't always make it through, right? And I feel like that's also why I wanted to reference them because I I feel like they're Kendrick spirits in that way where we've been put on this platform and standing up here to be this thing and once one thing goes wrong or things don't go as people planned, then it's like all of a sudden we're not who we said we are. But it's just because you're multifaceted and so I think that's why, you know, I wanted to show homage reference them. Also the reflective nature of Moisha. You know, a lot of this album is reflective. So, the journaling Brandy gave me my first journal ever uh when I was 12. Oh, and then a lot of the other references were just devices to get into the story, right? Like when we start out is you had the Just Kiki show. That's kind of like the Amanda Bind show, you know, which I love growing up. She was doing a bunch of different characters, Moody's Point, and so we play along with that as well. And it kind of gets us through the different vignettes where we're telling the story of the theme of the whole thing of the album. when you play into um and living single. The next song is I want to know. That's the song I thought y was gonna bring out right now. So, so did Darius step outside? Like, did he cheat on you? Because this song is about you finding out about another girl. Yeah. You know, a lot of people thought that I'm saying that he cheated. I'm actually saying this is what I was thinking when it was over. Oh, okay. Yeah. Because Okay. So, you're envisioning cuz it's over. Y'all are going through what y'all going through, but you still have that love and you don't want to see him with anybody else. Exactly. It's about the emotion you have when a relationship is done and you like, damn, but I don't want nobody else there. You know, what are you? So, what are y'all doing? Exactly. Exactly. And that's a feeling and an emotion that I you that's like some stuff you don't want nobody to ever know that you thinking about. And so, when that that that actually one song is done by Rico Love. When I first recorded that one, I was like, there's no way, you know, this is the cringiest [ __ ] ever. But then also I was like, well that's why I got to put it on there because it's how I felt, you know, and I know so many people have felt that way. It's over. But you just like, so are you kissing her? What's happening? And so yeah, that's it's a real emotion. It's a real feeling. And and also it showcases just the confusion that that happens when you know you want to move on from something, but the love is still right. No, that's real. Do you still feel that way though? Like if he brings somebody home, she better not look better than me. She better not. How could that be? [ __ ] Sorry to that girl. Exactly. Now, I also got to ask when you were going through that part, how many people were in your DMs at the time? Oh my gosh. Everybody mama. Well, everybody in their father. Okay. Fathers are there. Fathers are there. They help you with your And not that you need it, but like sometimes having that self worth like, damn, my [ __ ] is popping here. you see all like did you have that feeling? Honestly, did I have that feeling? No, because when it's that when it's when you feel that in the dumps kind of thing, especially after just having my son, I was just kind of like I'mma go right into work. You know what I mean? And I was trying to have fun and get up out there and do my thing and stuff, but it doesn't feel I mean, and it probably was also the postpartum and just my I was just thinking about my son, you know? I was kind of just like I got to get I got to get keep myself right. mainly, you know, obviously why the living single thing is like it really was me and my girls. They really held me up. They were the ones that were making sure we go out, we have a good time. Even if it's just us dinners, you know, sitting up in the house, me and my sister watching movies, we love binging movies all day. Like that was really what helped me, you know what I mean, through that time the most. Gotcha. Were you um There's a song on the album Anonymous. Oh yes. Yeah. So is that cuz you talking So once you get through that point where it's like, "Okay, it's me, my girl." Did you start dating again? Because Anonymous gave me that you had started dating and Gibb, but this was somebody that you wanted to keep to yourself because of everything that was happening. So Anonymous is actually a song dedicated to the love we we built. So it come, you know, owe him. Exactly. So it's like offscript and then we go to 12, you know, it says June 20 Junth 2021 cuz that's when we met and then it goes to 125 and it's like 125 is like, you know, when I met you, you know, it was just supposed to be you coming to the hotel. Next thing you know, I'm falling in love and now it's 125 degrees. But it's you were supposed to be a sneaky link. Okay. put my sticky lang turn into my man. That's how it would be. And so it goes from there to anonymous. That's how it be, girl. And then it goes to anonymous. And anonymous is like, this is how you made me feel. Got you. Um, and that's kind of what I was talking to you guys earlier about where it's like, I forgot that girl that didn't have to perform, that didn't have to do those things because when we fell in love and when I met him, that that's how it was. He he just I didn't I didn't feel that. I felt the same way I felt with my family. Yeah. I was like, "Oh, you don't need all that." Mhm. You cool with just Lauren. Exactly. So, that's where the anonymous came from because it's like you make me feel anonymous, you know, like like I don't have to be who the world knows me to be. When you were talking about the confusion that we feel kind of in the music where you're trying to figure it out and you're like, is he with another person or is he not yet? Is that what we were seeing in real time? Cuz I know y'all hung out for your birthday and we and everybody was like, wait, what? Hold on. They hanging out? Like, was that confusion in real life? Y'all were trying to figure it out but just couldn't like what was that time period cuz we were confused. Yeah. Trying to figure it out. Trying to figure out like okay how do we cuz we're never going to be it's never going to be the same again. So what but it's got to be something we you know is if it's never talking again or if it's being cool are we showing them at the school. Hey y'all. You know like what is our new language? Um now with these boundaries you know we now you know you know how I'm coming. I know how you coming. So, is it a stalemate or are we going to figure out how to find some way in between? So, that was that was like the beginning of that process and you know and and it's still a process. I wasn't confused cuz I know I'm well I know how it is my son I was like I'm going to get back with you and it's like nah but I don't know but then in public like I do want my family but then it's like you [ __ ] trying me. So then it ended up, you know, it ended up. So I I definitely understood what that what what that was like. I'm sure that's going to be ever evolving as Leo gets older. Then it'll be need to look new for I love in the beginning of Exposed cuz when we were filming that you was talking you was like I ain't going to Oh no. In the beginning of confession like I ain't going to get too crazy cuz I know I'm going to be seeing you for a long long time. Exactly. Exactly. You know you got to watch it. You know when your friends come it's like I got to tell you some [ __ ] I'm like, "All right, is this going to be some [ __ ] to make me have to get a little bit crazy right now?" But okay, I'm going to be seeing you for a while. So, I got two boys. And I'll say this, too. The other big thing about it for me, too, coming from the family that I come from was like, I really don't want this to be bad like that because you're my son's dad. And I'm such a strong believer that we don't have to be together for us to be great parents. Yeah. So, you also want to make sure like let's be let's if we even if we play a role, let's play the right role exactly for the baby so that he can say, "Yeah, those are my parents and they they handled it and they did what they had to do." Whatever that was going on and how they, you know, had to at the end of the day when they showed up, they wasn't fighting at the event. Yeah. You know, they wasn't cussing each other. They they had their held head high. They knew how to act. They knew how to represent me. So, it's also me on that trying to be like, let's represent the baby cuz he's he is the real man. Like you said, this ain't no love in hip-hop. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, we could do better than that. Now, are you dating now? Are you trying or do you have time? When do you How did you have time for Daries? No. But, but are you dating now? Um, you know, I'm open. You know, we you know, I'm open to, you know, the vibes. You know, how's everybody doing? I'm outside. You know what I'm saying? I'm busy. So, you do need to know that, you know, but I'm here for a good time and a good vibes. You know, your girl is, you know, hey, she's cute. Popular toy. That's why I'm like sometime I don't never know. Neva, now let's get into one of them days, child. Good. So, are you going to give us a cameo in one of them days, too? I I sure will. Come on. Well, absolutely. Will I love the first one you and Scissor, man? Y'all some clowns in the movie. But how was that shooting that? Uh, shout out to Isa Ray. How shout out to Ray. It was really hard actually because we shot it in 22 days. That's not You don't do you know that's not y'all that was like crazy. And so it was very tough in terms of like that. But it was so much fun working with Scissor. I don't me and her don't have no idea why we meshed like that. It was just like immed. She's very much that girl in the neighborhood that's just so cute and cool and you're like, "Girl, what's up with you?" She always got something she done made on, you know, it's like, "Where you get that from, girl? I got it from Target. I slice it up in half and put it with something from fashion." Okay. And so, she has such a lovable energy. Also, somebody explains why her music is the way it is. Vulnerability is her superpower. She will sit there and be like, she like, "But I'm good though." And it's like, "Yeah, you are good though." So, I loved being around that, you know, just to see that as a form of strength because I have vulnerabilities, right? But I mean, I think she takes it to a different level of her honesty and I think obviously her music reflects that. So, that was y'all weren't like super close or friends before that. Well, I was a I was always a fan. I remember I danced to uh what was it? Broken Clocks many years ago when uh Control had come out and she DM'd me and she was like, "Hey, I love you. You know, I've always been a fan of yours." I was like, "Bam, I'm fan of yours." She was like, "We got to link up at some point." But we just never did. And we would actually text randomly and be like, "Hey, boo. Hey boy. I love what you did." But we never really actually got time. The first time that we really met was at that chem at the first chemistry test for uh one of them days. And I mean, for her to have never acted before, it was just like she was so ready. And I think that's why it worked. Even more than that, it was the chemistry. That's why I was like, "Did they know did y'all know each other?" Now, we did have one night in Atlanta when um when I was It was actually around the same time. Oh, I was I filming I think I was filming the pickup. Uh that one's actually coming out in August with Eddie and uh Pete. So, we were doing another chemistry wait and Eddie Murphy and Pete David that movie. We don't know them like that. Jesus. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Eddie Murphy and Pete Davidson. That movie. I'm very excited about that coming out on Amazon. M I uh we were filming it and we did the chemistry test, but I was like, "Yo, if you down, you know what I'm saying? Like, come back to the crib. Let's kick it, you know, let's hang out." And she was like, "Yeah, I'm ready. Like, let's go." So, we was hanging at the house, drinking, chilling, vibing, having a real good time. She like, "Man, let's we should go to uh Magic City." I was like, "Let's go. Let's go." Man, when I tell you right when we got outside, I was like, "I got the dizzies, bitch." She got the what? The dizzies. The dizzy. No. I wanted to say it again. She was like, "I just want to hear it one more time." When I tell you guys, I was like, "Girl, I can't do it." And she was like, "I thought you just didn't want to come in. I thought I was just moving too fast for you and doing too much." I'm like, "No, girl. I love the strip club. I just couldn't make it in." But then the following week, I got my way up in there with Kevin. We was like, "Hey, hey, hey." Shout out to Kevin. So, I think you should put her in the next one. She could be the ghetto chick that you fight. OMG. Come on, Bernice. Big booty Bernice cousin. And then she runs into the car just like the same identical thing. Period. Thank you, Angie. Because now I Now I I want to see myself do that. So now you have to We've said it. Now Isa's going to see, by the way, Issa be on the net. She She going to see this and she going to be like, "Hey, what up, Jess?" Okay, let's do it. Cuz I love Issa. I love the movie. I love your character. I love season. It was dope, man. Congratulations on the movie with Eddie Murphy. How was it? I loved working with Eddie. First of all, I was just really watching him. You know, I'm I'm a very observant person, especially if I'm going to be on the set with somebody like him. I'm literally lips tight and I'm watching and what he I think working on that project right before one of them days helped me a lot in terms of just situational comedy and the truth my mom used to always say that when she was training me coming up like comedy stems from reality so just play the truth of the scene and it'll be funny because it is what it is and that that's his that's his that's Eddie. He can be in any situation. He's always gonna just be real and be true. And that's what makes us laugh. And so watching it up close and seeing how he made his improv improvisational choices, that really like just gave me I feel like a leg up coming into one of them days and knowing how to really half of the movie we was just ad living. Me and her was just improv in the whole damn moment, you know? Did you do you ever feel the pressure of being like the girl, the go-to girl? Like even with um one of them days in the sequel being announced, people had this whole charge of like because of this and how well it did in the box office, we need more black women led buddy comedies, right? And it's like Kiki Palmer and says it did that, but like people refer to you so much as like leading the charge for black women in the mainstream. Is there like a pressure there because of that? I think there I wouldn't say a pressure, but there is like a seriousness that I take with it of like, okay, well, what is the projects that I'm going to do? And also when when is it going to be a break? Cuz that's that won't be that way forever. And I've gone through moments of that. Like when I was a little kid, it was like that. It was like a Keel in the B media family reunion. True Jackson VP. And then when I got 17, 18, they're like, "She's a hasband. Get her out of here." And I was like, "Oh." I was like, "Oh [ __ ] I got to figure out how to oh damn, they tired of me. I got to revamp." So, you know, it happens in seasons. So, it's like, yeah, we're in that season where it's a lot of it's a renaissance and I'm living for that. You know what I'm saying? And I'm going to keep doing everything I can do. But also, I take a look in a page out of people like Tyler Perry's book where it pertains to like, okay, what else can I do for others? Yeah. you know, how can I build an infrastructure where I ain't got to be Mickey Mouse all the time? Because it's like also I don't want to be Mickey Mouse all the time and sometimes you want to see a Pixar movie. You know what I mean? And so I think for me I'm really focused also on that stage like with KTV Network. Um it's a network that uh I created alongside my best friend Lenora Addison. But it's a network in the sense where we fund and help others create their stuff financially, but also a network in the sense where we bring other creatives together to teach them and educate them on how to build their brands because that's something that I know from the ground up. Like I said, after traditional turned its back on me, I went to socials and that's how I rebuilt my entire career. So, just want to also create a system where we can encourage the next generation. You know what I'm saying? Where we can find that next Kiki Palmer. Mhm. When are we getting Kiki Palmer doing the Angela Basset biopic? When are we getting that? Well, I just seen a thing where Angela Basset was like, I would love Kiki to do my biopic. So, I think we're closer than we think. I would love to see do that myself and I love who like Angela Basset. She is the icon. Like I live for her and I love that people want that for me. I really do want I've been seen it. I've been saw it. I said, "Man, she more Angela than Angela." Right. Somebody said that online. They were like, "Why does Kiki Palmer look more like Angela Bassid daughter than Angela Bassad daughter?" And I'm like, "Y'all crazy on here." This is my last This is my last thing. Okay, so me and my daughter, this ain't even a question. Me my daughter's favorite uh cuz I know your voice. My daughter's favorite episode, Bubba Guppies, you play Molly. Molly, I was on. So when I say to my baby fashionista or old school jean, yo, she go crazy. Everybody's got one girl. Oh my god, you are just everything. Clap for the kids. Bubba guppies. This girl, it is nothing that she hasn't done and it's amazing to um Does Leo just watch Bubba Guppies? Well, Leo Leo watches Cars. Cars. He loves Nemo. He loves Finding Nemo. What else do Leo be watching? Oh, no. On the um on the album, he love He' be like He was trying to rap. be like tu. I'm like, son, really? When I first ordered this morning, what did you tell me it was? I thought I I thought she was saying t-u way up high. See somebody staring at the left of my eye. He's some kind of kid to my baby dad, but not at the time. This was 09. I love y'all and it's been so long. I'm so glad to come back and just, you know, mess with y'all. Absolutely. One more before you get out of here. Oh, yeah. Uh the Lauren says, "One more this don't ask about no lawyers. Don't ask about nothing in court." It's not in court. It's not in court. But I know it's Kiki Palmer. You make all of your creative decisions, right? I love that for you and I love the ownership that you have. Thank you. The people are still wondering why the Jonathan Major's episode did not happen. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Hey, it was, you know, obviously Megan is my girl. I've grown up loving her. She's honestly a mentor, you know, to me and representation for all all of us young black women. I mean, I was happy for her to get married. I was excited to have the conversation. I think this is the thing, too, with me as a public figure and entertainer. When I'm doing my host thing, I'm here to be Y'all know I'm here to be unbiased. Everybody that's sitting your chair, you don't agree with everything they did. You don't love everything. But you got to you got to have the conversation. you have to set the stage for them to speak and for people to watch and take what they want to take from it. So that's why I was open and excited to do the interview, but I think ultimately with my partners, it was just decided based off of I guess the reaction that people felt it was insensitive that maybe they we shouldn't put it out. I mean, it's it's always there, I imagine, if if people wanted to see it, but I always want to be respectful and understand where everybody's coming from. And, you know, if they're not going to feel like they're going to receive anything good from the interview, then okay, cool. But you know, I sat down with the brother for us to talk and let let him be heard. I mean, people sit down with serial killers. I'm not comparing him to a serial killer. I'm saying [ __ ] if we can sit down with DM, why can't sit down with D? That's the headlines. Yeah. Palmer compare Jonathan M. Literally, that's you know, so it's like, uh, oh, you know, but at the end of the day, I just felt like as a journalist, I'm supposed to talk and we supposed to hear and let the public decide how they want to feel. Um, you know, but that didn't get a chance to happen. And you know, I I wish them all the best. I really want to say that because I don't I don't I don't judge nobody cuz I don't want to be judged, right? No. I you know, hey, so at the end of the day, I'm happy for Megan. I'm happy for them. And you know, maybe one day we get a chance to put it out. I'm not sure. But it's been amazing to see you navigate though cuz you do get it hard because you're Kiki Palmer and then you're you're trying to be in that neutral space. And I know it's tough being in girl. They be eating me up. But it's like y Exactly. like that. You can't even say they want you. You know, I'm trying to see what y'all want. What you want from me? What more do you want from me? He ate that. Remember when they turn it into a beat. What more do you want from me? Me. That [ __ ] Yo, everything about Kiki is so like viral in the club. We can dance. You got this doll. Come on. Come on now. Let's talk about this doll. This doll. So when we came up with the album obviously just Kiki, it centers around this show. That's what takes us through the album. The vignettes are kind of similar to what you would imagine on, you know, sketch show like Jimmy Fallon or the Manda Show or SNL. But we want I remember when I was talking to like how do we do these teasers before because I want people to know the context that they're going to be entering the album from. And I came up with this doll and I was like, yeah, just Kiki, the product, the brand, the person you feel like you know, but there's something else underneath. Something happens. There's a glitch that that comes and the glitch is obviously the inciting incident that publicly happened for me and in the visual we display that and then when you enter the just Kiki world, it all starts to unravel, you know, and so yeah, this doll is is pretty much me. She's like a a representation of how I've always felt and walked through this industry as a product. Um, but now I get to also exist as this that that's the product, not not me anymore. Cover too. Okay. for sale. Her soul is not for sale. Okay. She want to know, can they buy? Can you buy Did you say so right now? Right now, this is the prototype, but the dolls are on the way. Okay. Yeah, the dolls are on the way. So, yeah, this is the first prototype of her. She could be a little darker. She could be a little darker. She's not exactly my tone, but she's on the way. She's on the way. All right. Well, we appreciate you for joining us. The album is out today. Just Kiki. And what you want to hear off the album? What's Oh my gosh. You don't play off script. Let's turn them up this morning. Off script. Off script. We'll get into that now. It's the Breakfast Club. It's Kiki Palmer. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.
