---
title: 'Enneagram Type 2'
description: "Understanding the Enneagram Type 2: The Helper"
author: 'DJ Wayne'
date: '2023-02-18'
published: true
type: ['overview']
---

<script>
	import  Carousel  from "../../lib/components/molecules/Carousel.svelte";
    import FamousTypes from "../../lib/components/molecules/FamousTypes.svelte";
</script>

<Carousel type={2} />

<br>
<br>

## Enneagram Type 2 Overview

At our core, we all want to be loved and appreciated. But for Enneagram Type 2 individuals, this desire is taken to another level. Known as "The Helper," Type 2s crave affection and admiration from those around them, often to the point of self-sacrifice. In this article, we will dive into the characteristics, motivations, and behaviors of Enneagram Type 2 individuals, as well as their growth paths and potential pitfalls.

## Characteristics

- They are generous with their time and energy, and often put the needs of others before their own.
- They are excellent at reading the emotions of others and providing emotional support.
- They are sensitive to criticism and may feel hurt if they are not appreciated for their efforts.
- They may struggle with boundaries and saying "no" to others, leading to feelings of being overwhelmed or burnt out.

## Strengths

Type 2 individuals possess a number of strengths that make them valuable members of any team or community. These include:

- Empathy: Type 2 individuals are highly attuned to the emotions and needs of others, and they use this understanding to help others in a caring and compassionate way.
- Service: Type 2 individuals have a strong desire to be of service to others and to make a positive impact in the world. They are often willing to put the needs of others before their own, and they are highly dedicated to their work and causes.
- Emotional intelligence: Type 2 individuals possess a high level of emotional intelligence, which allows them to connect with others on a deep level and to understand their emotions and needs.
- Leadership: Type 2 individuals are often natural leaders, who are able to inspire and guide others with their caring and compassionate nature.

## Weaknesses/ Challenges

While Type 2 individuals possess many strengths, they also face a number of challenges. These include:

- Codependency: Type 2 individuals often put the needs of others before their own, which can lead to codependency and neglect of their own needs.
- People-pleasing: Type 2 individuals have a strong desire to be appreciated and loved by others, which can lead to a tendency to put the needs of others before their own and to sacrifice their own needs in order to please others.
- Burnout: Type 2 individuals are often highly dedicated to their work and causes, and they may be prone to burnout due to their strong sense of responsibility and the weight of their work.

## Motivations

The Helper is motivated by a deep desire to be loved and appreciated by those around them. They seek to find their self-worth through the validation of others. The Helper often looks for ways to be of service to others, and they feel most fulfilled when they are helping others. However, their desire to help others can also come at a cost. Type 2 personalities may neglect their own needs and emotions, leading to burnout and resentment. They may also struggle with boundaries, taking on too much responsibility and becoming overwhelmed.

## Fears

- Rejection: Type 2s are very sensitive to being rejected by others. They may fear that if they don't offer enough help or support, they will be pushed away or left alone.
- Inadequacy: Type 2s often tie their self-worth to how much they can help others. They may fear that if they are not able to provide enough support or meet the needs of others, they will be seen as inadequate.
- Being unappreciated: Type 2s thrive on being needed and valued by others. They may fear that if they are not seen as valuable or appreciated, they will be left alone or rejected.
- Being a burden: Type 2s want to be helpful to others, but they also fear that they may be too demanding or burdensome. They may worry that they are taking too much from others and not giving enough in return.
- Abandonment: Type 2s may fear that if they don't offer enough help or support to others, those people will abandon them. They may feel that they need to constantly give in order to keep their relationships intact.

<div class="scroll-table">

| Type | Characteristic role | Ego fixation                                       | Holy idea     | Trap    | Basic fear      | Basic desire           | [Temptation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Temptation)                                   | [Vice](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seven_deadly_sins)/Passion | [Virtue](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtue)     | Stress/ Disintegration | Security/ Integration |
| ---- | ------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ------- | --------------- | ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- | --------------------- |
| 2    | Helper, Giver       | [Flattery](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flattery) | Freedom, Will | Freedom | Being unlovable | To feel worthy of love | Deny own needs, [manipulation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychological_manipulation) | [Pride](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pride)                    | [Humility](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Humility) | 8                      | 4                     |

</div>

## In Relationships

Type 2 personalities are highly social and enjoy connecting with others. They are warm and friendly, with a natural charisma that draws people to them. They have a gift for creating deep and meaningful connections, and they thrive in social settings.

However, their desire to be needed can also lead to unhealthy relationship dynamics. Type 2 personalities may struggle to express their own needs and emotions, leading to feelings of resentment and unmet needs. They may also become overly dependent on their relationships, leading to co-dependency and an inability to function independently.

## In the Workplace

Type 2 personalities are highly attuned to the emotions and needs of their colleagues and may go out of their way to help others. They are empathetic, nurturing, and have a natural gift for providing emotional support and practical assistance. However, their desire to be needed can also lead to a tendency to neglect their own needs, leading to burnout and resentment. Type 2 personalities can benefit from focusing on self-care and setting healthy boundaries to avoid becoming overwhelmed and to ensure that their own needs are being met.

## Potential Pitfalls

If Type 2s do not address their tendency to prioritize others' needs over their own, they may experience burnout or become resentful towards those they are trying to help. They may also struggle with relationships, as their fear of rejection may cause them to cling to others or be overly dependent.

## Growth and Development

Type 2 personalities can benefit from focusing on self-care and setting healthy boundaries. They may need to learn to prioritize their own needs and emotions, rather than always putting others first. They can also benefit from learning to communicate their own needs and desires more effectively, rather than relying on others to read their emotions.

## How to Develop and Grow as a Type 2 Personality

If you identify as a Type 2 personality, there are a number of things you can do to develop and grow in a healthy way. Some strategies include:

- Setting healthy boundaries: Learning to say "no" to others and prioritize your own needs can help prevent burnout and feelings of being overwhelmed.
- Practicing self-care: Taking care of yourself and your own needs is important for avoiding resentment and maintaining healthy relationships with others.
- Developing a strong sense of self: Building a sense of self that is not dependent on the validation and approval of others can help Type 2 personalities feel more confident and secure in themselves.
- Seeking therapy or counseling: Working with a therapist or counselor can be a helpful way for Type 2 personalities to process their emotions and develop healthier coping strategies.

## Famous Enneagram 2s
<FamousTypes type={2} />

<style>

.scroll-table {
    overflow-x: scroll;
}
tr {

    border: 1px solid #5407d9;
    text-align: center;
}
td {

    border: 1px solid #5407d9;
    text-align: center;
}
th {

    border: 1px solid #5407d9;
    text-align: center;
}

.scroll-table::-webkit-scrollbar {
    width: 4px;
}

.scroll-table::-webkit-scrollbar-track {
    box-shadow: 0 0 4px slategrey;
}

.scroll-table::-webkit-scrollbar-thumb {
    background-color: slategrey;
    /*outline: .5px solid slategrey;*/
}

</style>
