---
title: 'Enneagram Type 9'
description: 'Understanding the Enneagram Type 9: The Peacemaker'
author: 'DJ Wayne'
date: '2023-02-18'
published: true
type: ['overview']
---

<script>
	import  Carousel  from "../../lib/components/molecules/Carousel.svelte";
    import FamousTypes from "../../lib/components/molecules/FamousTypes.svelte";
</script>

<Carousel type={9} />

<br>
<br>

## Enneagram Type 9 Overview

Enneagram Type 9 personalities are known for their ability to maintain harmony and avoid conflict in their relationships. They are empathetic, optimistic, and have a strong desire to create a peaceful and comfortable environment for themselves and others. In this article, we will explore the Enneagram Type 9 personality in detail, including their strengths, weaknesses, and how they can better understand themselves.

## Characteristics

Type 9's are often described as easy-going, peaceful, and level-headed. They are highly adaptable and are able to go with the flow of any situation. They are also known for their ability to see multiple perspectives and for their ability to bring people together. Type 9's are also known for their desire for harmony and stability, both in their personal and professional lives.

Some of the key personality traits of the Enneagram Type 9 personality include:

- Easy-going and adaptable
- Empathetic and compassionate
- Supportive and nurturing
- Non-judgmental and accepting
- Diplomatic and tactful
- Creative and imaginative

## Strengths

One of the key strengths of the Type 9 is their ability to be easy-going and adaptable. They are able to go with the flow of any situation and are not easily ruffled. Type 9's are also known for their ability to bring people together. They have a natural ability to reconcile different viewpoints and to find common ground. Additionally, Type 9's are often able to see multiple perspectives and are able to think critically.

Some of the key strengths of the Enneagram Type 9 personality include:

- Ability to empathize and connect with others
- Strong listening and communication skills
- Flexible and adaptable in new situations
- Strong sense of creativity and imagination
- Ability to see multiple perspectives and find common ground
- Diplomatic and tactful approach to conflict resolution

## Weaknesses/ Challenges

While Type 9's have many strengths, they also have some weaknesses. One of their biggest weaknesses is their tendency to be passive and avoid conflict. They can also be indecisive and have a hard time making decisions. Additionally, Type 9's can have a hard time asserting themselves and may struggle with self-doubt.

Some of the key weaknesses of the Enneagram Type 9 personality include:

- Tendency to avoid conflict and become passive
- Difficulty asserting themselves and their needs
- Tendency to procrastinate or become complacent
- Struggle to make decisions or take action without input from others
- Tendency to become overly accommodating or indecisive
- Struggle to set clear boundaries or say no to others

## Motivations

The motivations of Enneagram Type 9, also known as "The Peacemaker," are centered around creating harmony and avoiding conflict. They have a deep desire to maintain inner and outer peace, and to ensure that everyone around them is happy and satisfied. Type 9s tend to be highly empathetic and can easily pick up on the emotions of others, making it important for them to avoid anything that may cause tension or discord.

Type 9s often struggle with indecisiveness, as they want to make everyone happy and can have a difficult time prioritizing their own needs and desires. They may also struggle with assertiveness and boundary-setting, as they fear that doing so may cause conflict or upset others.

Type 9s seek to avoid anything that may disrupt their sense of inner calm, including conflict, stress, and change. They may engage in behaviors such as procrastination or avoidance in order to maintain this sense of peace and avoid any potential discomfort.

## Fears

Enneagram Type 9 individuals have a core fear of loss and separation. They are deeply afraid of being disconnected from others and losing the sense of peace and harmony they strive to maintain in their lives. This fear can manifest in different ways, such as avoiding conflict to keep the peace, minimizing their own needs to keep others happy, or merging with others to avoid feeling separate or alone.

Enneagram Type 9 individuals may also fear their own anger and assertiveness. They may have learned early in life that expressing these emotions can cause conflict and disrupt the peace they crave, so they may suppress these feelings and avoid situations that trigger them. This can lead to a sense of inner turmoil and a feeling of being stuck or trapped in their own lives.

Additionally, Enneagram Type 9 individuals may fear making the wrong decision or taking action that could lead to conflict or loss. They may struggle with making choices and taking risks because they fear the consequences of making a mistake or upsetting others.

<div class="scroll-table">

| Type | Characteristic role  | Ego fixation                                        | Holy idea | Trap   | Basic fear                      | Basic desire             | [Temptation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Temptation) | [Vice](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seven_deadly_sins)/Passion | [Virtue](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtue)      | Stress/ Disintegration | Security/ Integration |
| ---- | -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ------ | ------------------------------- | ------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- | --------------------- |
| 9    | Peacemaker, Mediator | [Indolence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laziness) | Love      | Seeker | Loss, fragmentation, separation | Wholeness, peace of mind | Avoiding conflicts, avoiding self-assertion            | [Sloth](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sloth_(deadly_sin)>)     | [Action](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proactivity) | 6                      | 3                     |

</div>

## In Relationships

In relationships, Enneagram Type 9 individuals tend to be supportive and accommodating, valuing harmony and peace above all else. They often put the needs of their partner before their own and may struggle with asserting their own desires or opinions. They are typically warm and empathetic, and their desire to maintain a sense of connection and avoid conflict can make them excellent listeners and mediators.

However, Enneagram Type 9 individuals may also struggle with expressing their own needs and emotions in relationships. They may have a tendency to suppress their own desires and opinions to keep the peace, leading to a sense of inner frustration or resentment over time. They may also struggle with setting boundaries and saying no, leading to feelings of being overwhelmed or taken advantage of by their partner.

Enneagram Type 9 individuals may also be hesitant to make decisions or take action in their relationships, as they fear that doing so could upset the harmony they have worked hard to maintain. They may need reassurance from their partner and may benefit from a partner who is more assertive and can help them navigate decision-making.

## In the Workplace

In the workplace, Enneagram Type 9 individuals tend to be supportive, reliable, and adaptable team members. They often prioritize maintaining a sense of harmony and avoiding conflict in their work environment, and may be skilled at mediating and finding compromises when conflicts do arise.

Enneagram Type 9 individuals typically value cooperation and collaboration over competition, and may prefer working in teams or groups rather than in individual roles. They may be skilled at bringing different perspectives together and finding common ground among team members.

However, Enneagram Type 9 individuals may struggle with assertiveness and may find it challenging to speak up for themselves or assert their own ideas and opinions in a group setting. They may also struggle with making decisions and taking action, as they may fear making the wrong choice or upsetting others in the process.

Enneagram Type 9 individuals may excel in roles that require a calm and supportive presence, such as counseling, social work, or customer service. They may also thrive in roles that allow them to work with a team to achieve a shared goal, such as project management or collaborative creative work.

## How to Develop and Grow as a Type 9 Personality

For Type 9's, growth opportunities lie in learning to assert themselves and becoming more self-assured. They can also benefit from learning to make decisions confidently and being more assertive. Additionally, Type 9's can benefit from learning to manage their passivity and developing greater emotional resilience.

Here are some tips for embracing your Enneagram Type 9 personality:

- Focus on your strengths and use them to your advantage in your personal and professional life.
- Be aware of your weaknesses and work to improve upon them.
- Practice assertiveness and setting clear boundaries to avoid becoming overly accommodating or passive.
- Embrace your creativity and imagination and use it to find unique solutions to problems.
- Practice self-care and prioritize your own needs to avoid becoming complacent or neglecting your own well-being.

## Famous Enneagram 9s

<FamousTypes type={9} />

<!-- ## Psychologist Studies Relevant to the Enneagram 9
- It is notoriously inadequate to take an adopted child into one's home and love him: categorized as fear of conflict as it pertains to the challenges of integrating a new family member into an existing dynamic. - Donald Winnicott -->



<div>
<script type="application/ld+json">

{
  "@context": "http://schema.org/",
  "@graph": [
    {
      "type": "Person",
      "characteristics": [
        "Easy-going and adaptable",
        "Empathetic and compassionate",
        "Supportive and nurturing",
        "Non-judgmental and accepting",
        "Diplomatic and tactful",
        "Creative and imaginative"
      ],
      "description": "Enneagram Type 9 personalities are known for their ability to maintain harmony and avoid conflict in their relationships. They are empathetic, optimistic, and have a strong desire to create a peaceful and comfortable environment for themselves and others.",
      "fears": [
        "Loss and separation",
        "Disconnection from others",
        "Loss of peace and harmony",
        "Expressing anger and assertiveness",
        "Making wrong decisions"
      ],
      "growthAndDevelopment": [
        "Learning to assert themselves",
        "Becoming more self-assured",
        "Making decisions confidently",
        "Managing passivity",
        "Developing emotional resilience"
      ],
      "howToDevelopAndGrow": [
        "Focus on strengths",
        "Improve weaknesses",
        "Practice assertiveness and setting clear boundaries",
        "Embrace creativity and imagination",
        "Practice self-care and prioritize own needs"
      ],
      "motivations": [
        "Creating harmony",
        "Avoiding conflict",
        "Maintaining inner and outer peace",
        "Ensuring everyone around them is happy and satisfied"
      ],
      "name": "Enneagram type 9",
      "relationshipTraits": [
        "Supportive and accommodating",
        "Valuing harmony and peace",
        "Warm and empathetic",
        "Excellent listeners and mediators",
        "Struggling with expressing own needs and emotions",
        "Hesitant to make decisions or take action"
      ],
      "strengths": [
        "Ability to empathize and connect with others",
        "Strong listening and communication skills",
        "Flexible and adaptable in new situations",
        "Strong sense of creativity and imagination",
        "Ability to see multiple perspectives and find common ground",
        "Diplomatic and tactful approach to conflict resolution"
      ],
      "weaknesses": [
        "Tendency to avoid conflict and become passive",
        "Difficulty asserting themselves and their needs",
        "Tendency to procrastinate or become complacent",
        "Struggle to make decisions or take action without input from others",
        "Tendency to become overly accommodating or indecisive",
        "Struggle to set clear boundaries or say no to others"
      ],
      "workplaceTraits": [
        "Supportive, reliable, and adaptable team members",
        "Prioritizing harmony and avoiding conflict",
        "Skilled at mediating and finding compromises",
        "Valuing cooperation and collaboration",
        "Struggling with assertiveness and decision-making",
        "Preferring working in teams or groups"
      ]
    },
    {
      "type": "BlogPosting",
      "articleBody": {
        "type": "ItemList",
        "itemListElement": [
          {
            "type": "Section",
            "name": "Characteristics",
            "position": 1
          },
          {
            "type": "Section",
            "name": "Strengths",
            "position": 2
          },
          {
            "type": "Section",
            "name": "Weaknesses/Challenges",
            "position": 3
          },
          {
            "type": "Section",
            "name": "Motivations",
            "position": 4
          },
          {
            "type": "Section",
            "name": "Fears",
            "position": 5
          },
          {
            "type": "Table",
            "name": "Enneagram Type 9 Attributes",
            "position": 6
          },
          {
            "type": "Section",
            "name": "In Relationships",
            "position": 7
          },
          {
            "type": "Section",
            "name": "In the Workplace",
            "position": 8
          },
          {
            "type": "Section",
            "name": "Growth and Development",
            "position": 9
          },
          {
            "type": "ItemList",
            "name": "How to Develop and Grow as a Type 9 Personality",
            "position": 10
          }
        ],
        "name": "Enneagram Type 9 Overview Sections"
      },
      "author": {
        "type": "Person",
        "name": "DJ Wayne"
      },
      "dateModified": "2023-04-13",
      "datePublished": "2023-2-18",
      "keywords": [
        "Enneagram Type 9",
        "The Peacemaker",
        "Harmony",
        "Avoiding conflict",
        "Empathy",
        "Strengths",
        "Weaknesses",
        "Motivations",
        "Fears",
        "Growth and Development",
        "Relationships",
        "Workplace Traits"
      ],
      "mainEntity": [
        {
          "type": "Question",
          "acceptedAnswer": {
            "type": "Answer",
            "text": "Easy-going and adaptable, empathetic and compassionate, supportive and nurturing, non-judgmental and accepting, diplomatic and tactful, creative and imaginative."
          },
          "name": "What are the characteristics of Enneagram Type 9?"
        },
        {
          "type": "Question",
          "acceptedAnswer": {
            "type": "Answer",
            "text": "Strengths: Ability to empathize and connect with others, strong listening and communication skills, flexible and adaptable in new situations, strong sense of creativity and imagination, ability to see multiple perspectives and find common ground, diplomatic and tactful approach to conflict resolution. Weaknesses: Tendency to avoid conflict and become passive, difficulty asserting themselves and their needs, tendency to procrastinate or become complacent, struggle to make decisions or take action without input from others, tendency to become overly accommodating or indecisive, struggle to set clear boundaries or say no to others."
          },
          "name": "What are the strengths and weaknesses of Enneagram Type 9?"
        },
        {
          "type": "Question",
          "acceptedAnswer": {
            "type": "Answer",
            "text": "Enneagram Type 9 individuals can grow and develop by focusing on their strengths and using them to their advantage, being aware of their weaknesses and working to improve upon them, practicing assertiveness and setting clear boundaries to avoid becoming overly accommodating or passive, embracing their creativity and imagination, and practicing self-care and prioritizing their own needs to avoid becoming complacent or neglecting their own well-being."
          },
          "name": "How can Enneagram Type 9 individuals grow and develop?"
        }
      ],
      "mainEntityOfPage": {
        "id": "https://9takes.com/blog/enneagram/9",
        "type": "WebPage"
      },
      "publisher": {
        "type": "Organization",
        "logo": {
          "type": "ImageObject",
          "url": "https://9takes.com/enneagram.svg"
        },
        "name": "9Takes"
      }
    }
  ]
}

</script>

</div>

<style>
.scroll-table {
    overflow-x: scroll;
}
tr {
    border: 1px solid var(--color-theme-purple);
    text-align: center;
}
td {
    border: 1px solid var(--color-theme-purple);
    text-align: center;
}
th {
    border: 1px solid var(--color-theme-purple);
    text-align: center;
}

</style>
