---
title: 'Enneagram Type 3'
description: "Understanding the Enneagram Type 2: The Achiever"
author: 'DJ Wayne'
date: '2023-02-18'
published: true
type: 'overview'
---

<script>
	import  Carousel  from "../lib/components/molecules/Carousel.svelte";
</script>

<Carousel type={3} />
<br>
<br>

## Enneagram Type 3 Overview

Enneagram Type 3, also known as "The Achiever," is one of the most ambitious and success-driven personality types. They have a strong desire to excel in their chosen field, and they are highly motivated to achieve their goals. They are known for their ability to adapt and to be versatile in different situations and are able to change their approach and strategies to achieve their goals.

## Characteristics

Enneagram Type 3 individuals are known for their high energy, ambitious nature, and strong work ethic. They are skilled at presenting themselves in a positive light and are often seen as confident and charismatic. However, their desire for success can sometimes lead them to prioritize their image over their true feelings or beliefs.

One of the key characteristics of Type 3 individuals is their ability to adapt to different situations and roles. They are versatile and can adjust their behavior and presentation to fit the expectations of their environment. This adaptability can be both a strength and a weakness, as it can lead to a lack of authenticity and identity confusion.

Another important trait of Enneagram Type 3 is their focus on achievement and success. They are driven to excel in their careers, hobbies, and personal goals. However, their pursuit of success can sometimes come at the cost of neglecting their relationships or personal well-being.

## Strengths

Type 3 individuals possess a number of strengths that make them valuable members of any team or community. These include:

- Ambition: Type 3 individuals are highly ambitious and driven to succeed, and they possess a strong sense of purpose and direction in their lives.
- Adaptability: Type 3 individuals have the ability to change their approach and strategies to achieve their goals, making them versatile and able to adapt to different situations.
- Self-assurance: Type 3 individuals possess a strong sense of self-confidence and self-assurance, which allows them to take risks and pursue their goals with determination.
- Leadership: Type 3 individuals are often natural leaders, who are able to inspire and guide others with their ambitious and driven nature.

## Weaknesses/ Challenges

While Type 3 individuals possess many strengths, they also face a number of challenges. These include:

- Image consciousness: Type 3 individuals often have a strong desire to be respected and valued for their achievements and to be recognized for their talents and abilities, which can lead to an obsession with image and the fear of failure.
- Workaholism: Type 3 individuals are often highly ambitious and driven to succeed, which can lead to workaholism and neglect of their own needs and relationships.
- Inauthenticity: Type 3 individuals often adapt to different situations in order to be successful, which can lead to inauthenticity and loss of their true selves.

## Motivations

Enneagram Type 3 individuals, also known as "The Achiever," are motivated by a desire for success and recognition. They are often driven by a need to be seen as successful, accomplished, and admired by others. They are highly goal-oriented and may be willing to work hard and take on significant challenges in order to achieve their goals.

Type 3s are often very competitive and enjoy being the best in their field. They may be motivated by a desire to win, to achieve a high level of status or recognition, or to be seen as an expert in their area of expertise. They may also be motivated by a fear of failure, as they may worry that failure could harm their reputation or lead to a loss of status or respect from others.

Type 3s are often skilled at presenting themselves in a positive light and may be highly attuned to the expectations and opinions of others. They may work hard to project an image of success, confidence, and achievement, even if they are struggling with feelings of self-doubt or insecurity.

## Fears

- Fear of failure: Despite their strong desire for success, Type 3s often have a deep-seated fear of failure. They may worry that they are not good enough or that they will not meet their own or others' high expectations.
- Fear of being unimportant: Type 3s value being admired, respected, and recognized for their accomplishments. They may fear being seen as insignificant or ordinary, and work hard to maintain their image and status.
- Fear of not being loved: While Type 3s may be highly successful and accomplished, they may still fear not being loved for who they are. They may worry that their worth is tied to their achievements, rather than their inherent value as a person.
- Fear of being exposed as a fraud: Type 3s may worry that their success and accomplishments are not truly deserved or that they are hiding their true selves to maintain their image. They may fear being exposed as a fraud or imposter.
- Fear of being vulnerable: Type 3s may have difficulty showing their vulnerable side or admitting to their weaknesses. They may fear being seen as weak or inferior, and work hard to maintain a strong and successful image.

<div class="scroll-table">

| Type | Characteristic role | Ego fixation                                   | Holy idea | Trap       | Basic fear    | Basic desire     | [Temptation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Temptation) | [Vice](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seven_deadly_sins)/Passion | [Virtue](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtue)        | Stress/ Disintegration | Security/ Integration |
| ---- | ------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- | --------- | ---------- | ------------- | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- | --------------------- |
| 3    | Achiever, Performer | [Vanity](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vanity) | Hope, Law | Efficiency | Worthlessness | To feel valuable | Pushing self to always be "the best"                   | [Deceit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deceit)                  | [Truthfulness](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honesty) | 9                      | 6                     |

</div>

## In Relationships

In relationships, Enneagram Type 3 individuals often seek partners who can appreciate and support their ambitious nature. They are attracted to those who can help them achieve their goals and provide them with the recognition they crave.

However, their focus on success can sometimes lead to a lack of emotional intimacy and neglect of their partner's needs. They may struggle to express their own feelings and may prioritize their career over their relationships.

## In the Workplace

Enneagram Type 3 individuals, also known as "The Achiever," are highly driven and goal-oriented, making them well-suited for the workplace. They are ambitious and results-driven, which means that they are often focused on achieving success and advancing in their careers. They are often skilled at networking and building relationships, which can be a valuable asset in many industries.

In the workplace, Type 3s tend to be very competitive and often strive to be the best in their field. They are usually very self-confident and tend to be natural leaders who can inspire and motivate others to achieve their goals. They are often skilled at strategic planning and have a talent for seeing the big picture, which allows them to make sound business decisions.

Type 3s are often excellent at multitasking and can juggle multiple projects simultaneously. They are also skilled at adapting to changing situations and can think on their feet when faced with unexpected challenges. This makes them well-suited for fast-paced, high-pressure work environments.

However, Type 3s may struggle with work-life balance, as they can sometimes prioritize their career goals over their personal lives. They may also struggle with delegating tasks to others, as they often feel that they can do things better themselves. Additionally, they may struggle with criticism and can be sensitive to feedback that they perceive as negative.

## Career Paths

Enneagram Type 3 individuals excel in careers that allow them to use their natural talents and skills. They thrive in competitive environments and enjoy being recognized for their achievements. Some common career paths for Type 3 individuals include:

- Sales and marketing
- Public relations
- Entrepreneurship
- Management
- Acting or entertainment

## How to Develop and Grow as a Type 3 Personality

Enneagram Type 3 individuals, also known as "The Achiever," can grow and develop by focusing on their personal growth and emotional intelligence. Some key ways that a Type 3 can grow and develop include:

- Cultivating Self-Awareness: Type 3s can benefit from developing a deeper understanding of their emotions, motivations, and behaviors. By becoming more self-aware, they can gain insights into their strengths and weaknesses and work on developing areas where they need improvement.
- Embracing Vulnerability: Type 3s tend to focus on projecting a polished and successful image to the world, which can sometimes lead them to avoid vulnerability. By learning to embrace vulnerability and being authentic with themselves and others, they can build deeper and more meaningful relationships.
- Prioritizing Relationships: Type 3s can sometimes prioritize their career goals over their personal relationships, which can lead to feelings of loneliness or isolation. By making an effort to prioritize their relationships and connect with others on a deeper level, they can experience greater emotional fulfillment.
- Developing Empathy: Type 3s can benefit from developing their empathy and emotional intelligence. By learning to understand and relate to the experiences and emotions of others, they can become better leaders, team players, and communicators.
- Focusing on Personal Growth: Type 3s can benefit from focusing on their personal growth and development, rather than solely on achieving external goals. By setting personal goals related to their emotional well-being, relationships, and personal growth, they can experience greater fulfillment and satisfaction in life.

<style>

.scroll-table {
    overflow-x: scroll;
}
tr {

    border: 1px solid grey;
    text-align: center;
}
td {

    border: 1px solid grey;
    text-align: center;
}
th {

    border: 1px solid grey;
    text-align: center;
}
.scroll-table::-webkit-scrollbar {
    width: 4px;
}

.scroll-table::-webkit-scrollbar-track {
    box-shadow: 0 0 4px slategrey;
}

.scroll-table::-webkit-scrollbar-thumb {
    background-color: slategrey;
    /*outline: .5px solid slategrey;*/
}

</style>
