<!-- docs/content-research/clavicular-logan-paul-podcast.md -->

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHStoIheM7M

Clavicular Addresses Allegations & Overdose on Livestream, BASHES Andrew Tate, Trump LooksMaxxing

IMPAULSIVE
4.83M subscribers

Subscribe

2.6K

Share

Ask

Save

42,178 views May 13, 2026 IMPAULSIVE PODCAST
Professional LooksMaxxer Clavicular joins the boys to discuss his recent overdose while livestreaming, gives BRUTAL ratings to Logan & Mike’s faces, addresses allegedly running over somebody with his car & having a micro-🍆, reacts to Andrew Tate getting his a** kicked, secret relationship with Adin Ross, dating 4 women at once, NFL ripping off his lingo, p**nography RUINING young men, getting slapped by a girl LIVE, taking testosterone at 14-years-old, jestermaxxing & bone-smashing, if he's on the spectrum, his BLUNT take on politics, MrBeast's button controversy, why he REFUSES to eat cheeseburgers, how to lengthen your 🍆, why female orgasms are NOT important & more..

SUBSCRIBE TO THE PODCAST ► / impaulsive

INSTAGRAM: / impaulsiveshow

Morgan & Morgan: For more information go to https://ForThePeople.com/LOGAN or dial #LAW (Pound 529) from your cell phone. If you’re ever injured, you can check out Morgan & Morgan. Their fee is FREE unless they win.

Upgrade your wallet today! Get up to 40% off @Ridge during their Father’s Day Sale when you go to https://www.Ridge.com/LOGAN (https://www.ridge.com/LOGAN) #Ridgepod

Fanatics Fest Tickets are on sale now at https://www.fanaticsfest.com/ . Grab yours today and we’ll see you there!!

Download Polymarket & DEPOSIT $20, GET $50 WITH CODE IMPAULSIVE50 (https://polymarket.us/?af_xp=referral...)

Timestamps:
0:00 Welcome Clavicular! 💥
2:16 Jake Paul Vs Anthony Joshua 🥊
2:56 Andrew Tate LOSING & Red Pill Content 👀
6:55 Running Over Someone & Adin Ross Relationship 🔥
10:56 Clav Getting SLAPPED! 😳
16:21 Is Clavicular Sober? 💊
17:42 NFL & LooksMaxxing Origin 🤫
20:46 Logan & Mike Get RATED By Clavicular! 😭
29:43 Logan & Clavicular Discuss Balding 💈
30:29 “I Would Rather My D\**k Never Work.." 💀
32:38 Taking Testosterone at 14-Years-Old 💉
37:43 Bad Relationship With Parents 💔
39:38 “JesterMaxxing” 🤡
40:53 Bone-Smashing & Parents Hiding Hammers From Him! 😳
48:20 Is Clavicular on the Spectrum? 🧩
51:34 How Clav Picks Up So Many Chicks (WILD Method) 🙊
56:19 Prison, Pregnancy & Sexiest Man Alive? 🔥
57:42 Timothée Chalamet Rating.. 😳
59:39 Clavicular’s Overdose 💔
1:02:46 Politics 🇺🇸
1:05:42 MrBeast Red Vs Blue Debate 🔴🔵
1:10:18 Clav’s Favorite Meal 🍔
1:14:15 Who Is Top Mogger? 🗿
1:15:56 Does Clavicular Have A Micro-Pen*s? 🍆
1:16:22 Shopping Bag Hanging Tutorial 🛍️
1:18:22 Cold Approaching Tips 👀
1:20:04 Why Clav NEVER Watches P*rn 🍑
1:22:14 Do Female Org*sms Matter? 😳
1:27:24 Dating 4 Girls At Once 😳
1:29:57 500 Girls Competition 😭

Ladies and gentlemen, it's Clvicier. You've got fresh lawsuits this week. Ran over stalker in Tesla. Part owner of a club in Miami. Overdos. Was that experience a wakeup call? >> I was kind of using the drugs as a coke to come across as like a normie. >> You've been on tests since you were 14. >> Correct. You actually took a hammer to your face to shape your jawbones? Yes. >> Did your parents really have to hide the hammers around the house? >> They did. That was not a joke. >> Are you on like the spectrum? >> Drake said Clav has a micro. Does he? >> No, not micro. I've been doing PE for a while. Would that be considered maxing? >> You don't have to like add backs to everything. >> I would rather my never work again and keep all of my hair than anything. >> I don't like that one at all. That one's crazy. >> How important is it to you to also make the girl have >> the amount of extra effort is just not going to really have much ROI. >> When that girl slapped you, was that real? >> Yeah. >> Could you see why she hit you? >> Not really. I saw a video of you kissing a mom and then kissing her daughter. >> Yeah. >> It appears at least from your streams, you have game. I just like to skip straight to the point and just ask a girl wants to have >> Bro, I'm so entertained. >> Why don't you rate me and Logan? >> Okay. I'd probably rate you a 3.75. >> All right, I'm up. >> I'm going to say >> so. Are these intentionally placed or could I drink? >> You can drink one. Yeah. Yeah, go for it. >> That's pro. Wait, are we Are we on? >> That's >> Are we currently going? >> That's the protein. >> You You had regular Prime cuz I saw a clip of you drinking it. >> Yeah, >> I think. >> But the There's protein. >> Say anything about it. >> Yeah, you can say whatever you want. >> No, did I? >> Oh, no, no, no. You said >> you said that um >> that we wanted to have you on the show, which is obviously true as as evidenced by the fact that you're here right now. >> Yeah. >> And and I think I think your homie was like, um, are you're going to say no, right? And you're like, why would I say no? >> And then you were talking about mind and you meeting and how we've talked about you you on the show in over the past couple months and that we were being kind, which is true. >> Yeah. Yeah. Hey, you guys have had a couple clips recently that uh I saw where it was it was positive with the basketball guy. Uh he's really good. I I could see why a lot of the NBA players don't want to go against him in one-on-one. It's like there's really >> MK. >> Yeah. There's really nothing to gain from that. That's kind of the same way I see boxing and doing those cards. It's like you're really putting a lot on the the line. Uh unless you're fighting someone who's like so much better than you like um where if you lose like the the one guy uh with Jake >> Jake and Anthony Joshua. >> Yeah. Where people are like okay like this is this is some ballsy stuff. >> Correct. But if you it's a it's a they call it an or gamble, right? It's like sorry to be 41 and say that but it is what they call it. >> Um the biggest example of it was certainly Tate versus Marcus. What's it what's his name again? the guy that he fought. >> Oh [ __ ] >> What's this [ __ ] >> I don't know. I forgot he's going to >> What was the guy that beat up Tate? >> Chase. >> Chase the Moore. >> Chase the Moore. >> Chase the Moore. >> Well, I mean, it's an aura gamble to normies because they don't really understand the sport when I consider it impressive regardless of what happens to go through a training camp like that cuz I've boxed for even one and a half hours and you know I have to go to sleep right after. So, the fact that you do, you know, your 8week training camp, you go in the ring for however many rounds and however you perform, it's still uh something to be proud of, win or loss. >> It's it's ins boxing is insanely high uh input. It takes a lot out of you. High output. >> Yeah. >> Um back All right, back to the topic of how you got here. I I'll speak for myself and I think you could say some stuff as well. I have been very intrigued by your content over the past few months, past I guess even longer probably. How long has it been now since you've been kind of on >> since about November? >> November. Okay. So like >> six months. >> Six months. >> Yeah. >> There's been a tremendous number of people who have come up under this new wave of alpha. These aren't definitions for you, but this alpha or or prior to that was Red Pill and kind of like started with this Tate and all the people that have come up. >> I never wanted to have any of them on the show. I'm going to be be honest with you. Like they don't they weren't super intriguing people. For some reason, the content that you put out is very to me at least seems like it's very authentically you. You're a young guy. You're trying to figure out life. You have some very um interesting ways of going about it to say the least. And um that that's interesting to me and I and I think um I think you get certain leniencies because of your age. >> Yeah. May I mean >> do do you feel like that though? >> Um >> cuz people are really hard on you as well. >> Yeah. I I just don't know. I I don't think a lot of people even really know my age. Uh up until quite recently. So, at the start of my career, that definitely wasn't the case cuz I would say that I look a little bit older. Um, but yeah, you're absolutely right. You know, a lot of that that red pill like stuff is garbage and the alpha male thing, it's something I usually will kind of meme on because those guys have to play a 247 persona, which, you know, when you're doing these long IRL streams like I do, it just eventually the mask would slip. So, I was never uh someone who was like, "All right, I'm gonna fake being like this alpha personality and do all this shit." Uh that way I can just be real and like have some vulnerable moments on the stream, you know, where I [ __ ] up and you know, it's it's okay cuz uh you're not trying to impress anyone. So, that's part of the reason I think the content just hits and resonates a lot more. >> We didn't do an intro for Clev. >> That's a good point. We did not. >> No, sorry. We we we have yeah we have an intro for you here. I'm I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to bring the energy on this. >> Today's guest is the king of looks maxing and the most talked about man on the internet. That's a fact. >> If you've been online, you've seen the clips. We're talking mogging oraura farming. Turning internet culture into a fullblown movement. Ladies and gentlemen, I can't believe I'm saying it. It's clvicular. >> Thank you guys. >> How old are you, Clev? >> 20. >> Dude, that is [ __ ] insane. you are so young and you definitely get a pass for some of the crazy [ __ ] we've seen you doing because of your age. Um, >> obviously won't get a pass forever, but like Mike said and like you kind of just said, which I thought was actually really mature. You are living your life online. You're streaming it. You're sharing it. You're having those vulnerable moments. You've had some crazy moments online. >> Yeah. >> Even like, bro, I'm reading I'm reading this. It's hard to know where to start. >> The headlines on on this PDF are insane, bro. It's like ran over someone in ran over stalker in Tesla. Drake this clap for having a a micro >> part owner of a club in Miami. O overdos uh >> well where do you want where do you start is the question and and also this is kind of an indicative question and you know helps a little bit >> when you sit down on an interview. This is something that was interesting to me too like we'll have people come on sometimes we'll be like hey steer clear of this topic steer clear. Nobody said [ __ ] to me. Like you've got you've got fresh >> lawsuits this [ __ ] week, like as of 24 hours ago. >> Is there anything that's off limits to you to talk about? >> Uh, not really. Because it's just impossible to avoid like when you're going around and doing these IRL streams, people come up and they'll say things or, you know, TTS will come through. It's just not something that could really be moderated. Like it's not like YouTube, oh, cut that out. you know, I [ __ ] up. Uh, so I'm very used to like the live open format style where anything goes because it's sure like with all those headlines you ran like, you know, literally anything goes on the streams. I don't even know what's going to happen most days when I step out into the world with the camera, you know? So, no reason to try to avoid or steer clear of anything. >> Why did you choose streaming versus like vlogging or short form content? Um, I would just say because I hopped on other people's streams on kick and uh, you know, a lot of people liked it. They said, "Hey, do more collabs, uh, do this." And that was something that kind of just like segmented really well for me to go from like doing collab appearances to having my own show. And also the people I was around, you know, Aiden, like the SSB guys, like they were telling me about like some of the um you know, deals and ways you could monetize it. And I was like, well, this makes a little bit more sense for me than doing the YouTube route, >> you know? >> I I mean, clearly it was the right strategy. And obviously like streaming is the medium for success, especially in the demo that you're in. Does do you are you ever like a little bit worried or scared about the fact that everything's live and the fact that anything could happen? >> Um I wouldn't say so now, but you know the more you grow and the more that's on the line, uh the more people want to knock you down a pick or two. And I guess that's kind of you know what we've seen this week. And um so yeah, it's getting there where I definitely have to be more conscious, more security, moving a little bit smarter uh with what I do. But uh for now, I just try to think about making the best content possible. Uh and the more restrictions you put on yourself, the worse the content obviously gets. I I I I'm kind of curious for you. What does the best content possible look like? Cuz your style is super intriguing. I've said it on this show. It's like I'm just captivated. the clips come on and just new new environment, new person, new interaction. Sometimes you're like an amplified version of yourself. So like are you going into it with with with intention about what you're going to do for the day? >> No, never. >> You're just being >> Yeah. Like we'll just go outside sometimes and have no idea what's even going to happen like 10 minutes from now. But usually the interactions just kind of form naturally themselves. Um, like sometimes we'll have like a rough idea of like a location we're going, but like it could quite literally be I'll just decide to go outside and I'll just get on a random bus somewhere. >> Okay. So, when that girl slapped you, was that real? >> Yeah. >> Did it hurt? >> Not really. >> It looked like she got you. >> I mean, it's just kind of like so shocking. Like, it's not something you expect. So, you're just like more like stunned than anything. >> Did you sue her parents? Um, not going to talk about that one. Not gonna >> Well, that's off limits. >> Yeah. >> Wait, is that something you would consider though? >> Um, well, that's a little bit difficult and I'm not going to get into the fair. >> Like the thing is like I don't mind like you know people asking questions and having something go on the record, but like I'm not necessarily going to always answer. >> Well, look, if you're going to actually do a lawsuit then obviously like not talk about it. So, I I get that. >> Mhm. Do you think do you think do could you see why she hit you? >> Not really because like she came up talking about how you know I don't resp like like I don't respect women's rights or something and I was like when have I ever even said this? So, a lot of people will just like put these uh, you know, descriptions that they come up with in their head on my content or associate with me uh or associate me with some political party when it's literally like the exact opposite of of what I want and the content that I make. Uh, I've been extremely like anti-olitics from the entire uh time I've had my career. And that's one of the things that's really helped me uh be able to capture fans uh and capture an audience from all sides of the aisle. Um so when people come up and try to say like, "Oh, you're right wing, you're left wing." Uh I'm just like really like when when did you see this? When Steph McMahon slapped Cody Rhodess, that was a power move. Just like how hiring Morgan and Morgan is a power move. Morgan and Morgan is America's largest injury law firm. They have over 100 offices nationwide and more than a thousand lawyers with over $30 billion recovered for over $500,000 clients. Morgan and Morgan has a proven track record of fighting to get you full and fair compensation. In Florida, a client recently received $6.1 million after the insurance company best offer was just $100,000. Wow. That's a $6 MILLION DIFFERENCE. THIS IS CRAZY. WELL, in Georgia, another client recently received 29.5 million shekels dollars. And in Nashville, another client was awarded 10.6 million. If you are injured by the negligence of another, you deserve to be paid. >> Yes. >> If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free unless they win. For more information, go to the people.com/logan or dial poundaw pound529 from your cell phone. That's f the people.com/logan or poundlaw pound529. This is a paid advertisement if you couldn't tell. Now, back to the show. >> Clearly, like you've had some Oh, you've had a ton of controversy, right? Obvious obviously, right? And I think some of the things that have happened lead people to make assumptions about other part of your life, which is which is like a contextual problem for you. Okay. For example, one time I called out a group of people who listened to a song called >> Hail Hitler in the Club, right? >> It was a blanket statement, right? And it was kind of the original interaction we ever had cuz you called me grandpa and which is what I said to you when I was in Scots, right? >> Yeah. But you're not you'll never be able to like go and claim that you you haven't done things that were questionable or controversial, right? >> Yeah. No, it's not my my goal, too. And the reason I bring this up is because I I think right now you're at this point, this like apex point where it it seems like you're already starting to dial some of that stuff back >> and you're going to have to make a decision as to um whether you want to continue pushing the envelope, which is something that >> he did and potentially overdid or definitely overdid, or if you want to dial it back for longevity. Do you do you feel like you're at an inflection point in your career right now? >> Well, so there's like the really reactionary clips and like doing the crazy [ __ ] but what I was more so talking about with, you know, the interaction with that girl who slapped me was like, okay, let's let's break it down and and, you know, talk about my serious takes, but that's obviously unrealistic. And I kind of get that now. But that was just my mentality was like, okay, like let's actually talk about it. Uh because, you know, whenever I'm sitting down on like a long form podcast or a setting like this, I can really clarify my beliefs on things rather than just, you know, a 15-second out of context thing or me just trying to uh be reactionary, whatever. But, uh that would just be, you know, irresponsible understanding of the internet from my perspective. So, I'm I'm kind of understanding that more now. >> Got it. This definitely this definitely is like a calmer demeanor and a calmer setting than I'm used to seeing you in. >> Yeah. Um well, because like when we're going out night life, like you're getting excited like you're with your homies. Um it's just a different vibe to it entirely. But when I'm talking about, you know, my entire career and some of my belief systems, I don't want to just come across as like some tweaker, you know, who's high off aderall the entire time like being crazy. That's, you know, that's not what it is. >> Where where you at with the sobriety journey right now? Cuz I spoke to you a couple weeks ago and you were after >> you had an OD. >> Yep. >> Which was very public obviously. And you were talking about the idea of being sober and if you don't mind me saying the challenges of being sober while streaming. >> So where are you at now? >> Uh I've still been maintaining my sobriety, right? So no alcohol, no drugs, no nothing. Um, and my entire idea of why it was going to be so hard was more or less a cope because I'm like, "Oh, like I was kind of using the drugs as a cope to come across as like a normie." Um, but the reality of the situation is I don't have to, right? Like that's that's a complete waste of my time to try to, you know, like LAR as as someone I'm not. I love how these terms are all so like natural like >> I thought I had the same thought >> for his generation cuz when we use the terms >> when I say normally I'm like kind of being satirical. >> You say it with an emphasis for you. It's actually >> in the verbage >> vocabulary. Well, yeah. I mean this is I spent hours a day on forums like growing up and this is the way we talk. um you know and and I'll I'll talk like this on podcasts on streams and now it's at the point where you know every single streamer is starting to use it like the even the NFL like Netflix like so all these words uh are being used by the mainstream so it's like no I'm bringing everyone over to to my side of the aisle I don't have to go to them so I'm like maybe I really don't need to use these drugs as a crutch and I could just be myself and uh be unapologetic about it >> well that's what I told you. I told you you have an audience now that is >> pretty locked in >> and I think they probably enjoy >> you as a person and not just the actions that you take. And so it's you just you're you're faced with a very similar situation as he was, which is if I'm not doing crazy [ __ ] what do I do now? >> Yeah. Um, I I don't really think it was like too much crazy [ __ ] that was like during just my normal streaming hours was getting people to to watch for or have a long watch hours. They just really like going out and about and interacting with girls because for a lot of people they're too anxious to do that or, you know, maybe they're younger so they they're not able to go out to bars yet. Um, and that's not really something that people stream cuz there's not as many IRL streamers as you would think who are like consistently streaming like nightife and dating because, you know, that's kind of the whole ideology uh of looks maxing is it's about the dating market, right? When you talk about hypergamy and like all these events. So you're kind of showcasing like you know the end result of like after you uh ascend like what's accomplishable you know what is dating actually looking like for the average person. Uh so those are really interesting experiences to people. >> You you uh did you coin the term looks maxing? >> No. I would say that I definitely popularized it but no. >> Do you know where it come where it came from? Uh just a lot of forums like so like PSL it it stems more from like uh you know this weird internet subculture. So yeah. >> Can we talk a little bit about mogging and looks maxing for a second? Can you can you put some parameters on ascension and what that looks like? For example, >> why don't you rate me and Logan? Oh, people love the the rating thing. Um, okay. Sure. Um, >> don't don't be biased, dude. >> No, I won't be biased. Uh, you don't have to worry about that. I would say that I'd probably rate you maybe a 3.75. >> [ __ ] >> Out of 10. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Can you tell us why? >> So, yeah, mostly because his interpupilary distance. So, like how close that his eyes are and also the long longer midface would be the main uh >> he does have a long face. >> Wait, can I I did for sure. Can I ask you a question? does. Okay. >> 3.75 is great. >> So, so where does where does the rating start and stop? Is the rating strictly face related? Yeah, I mean, but you could, you know, add parameters or, you know, make clarifications like, um, if you're rating someone's like total SMV, their sexual market value, that would include a lot of other metrics like, >> okay, what's my SMV? >> Well, be a lot higher, right? Because you're famous, wealthy, um, you know, tall. So, that that's something that would be more favorable to you. >> What do you think Mike's sexual market value is? a extremely high percentile, top percentile SMV, right? And that's really the number that I would say matters the most. >> Uh, is your SMV more than I think >> and I agree with you and I'm happy you said that cuz that was going to be kind of my question is >> ego definitely took a little bit of a dive, but the SMV got it back up. >> Hey, listen. Never was trying to be in GQ, okay? I like to make people laugh. I like to make people feel good. I like to bring energy to a room. Okay. >> I I fall back on the fact that I'm 6'3 quite often. I think height is an incredibly important >> very important >> part of the equation. But I'm happy that you said that because >> I think it gives other 3.75s like myself the ability to understand their power. H well the key bit of nuance there is that uh you know the face and your looks are going to be the most important thing for getting a super high SMV. So, what you've had to accomplish to transcend the rating of 3.75 and be in that top percentile SMV-wise was become like multi-million follower on social media pages and like uh extreme amounts of wealth. So, that's not something that the average 3.75 guy is ever going to be able to accomplish. So, >> let me cut you off for one second. He can maybe attest to it, but certainly my family and and friends from back home can. >> Mike's been pulling very beautiful women forever >> since I was a kid, dude. >> It's almost It's almost like the the the things you just mentioned for him didn't matter. >> They they helped certainly helped and put me in rooms with different types. But, and the reason why I bring this up is because it's been one of the places where I always wanted to counter you a little bit. >> Mhm. >> In in the priority factor in an SMV, >> I think might be humor, dude. I think I think and I'm and we could talk about it, but I think an ability to make a girl laugh and have a good time and feel comfortable >> in a social scenario, in a social setting. Now, I'm not saying that if you're but but clearly for me being a 3.75, it was able to help me overcome that that issue. Right. >> Right. >> So So what is your So what's your counter to that? Like why why do funny guys why do ugly funny guys get the best [ __ ] >> Uh I wouldn't really say ugly funny guys uh get the the most [ __ ] I would say that charisma is certainly a very important thing. >> Okay. >> Um and having it is is going to help you a lot, >> but at the end of the day, you know, these one-off anecdotes you always hear all the time like, "Oh, my, you know, my buddy, he's bald and fat and he makes a lot of jokes, but he gets laid all the time." It's like we're talking about uh a view of society, right? Getting down to the uh sociological stuff. Uh, so just as general rules, you know, that's kind of what I'm I'm more or less eliminating eliminating the outlier and focusing on. >> Correct. >> All right, I'm up. >> Yeah. >> Rate my look. >> I would say that Oh, do you are we going to go like current looks or like when you were, you know, younger? Cuz how old are you right now? >> 31. >> Okay. >> Just go right now. >> Just right now, Clev, what you see. And by the way, I can see you examining my face. It's incredible. His eyes are actually moving at every part of my face. >> Go ahead. >> I'm going to say 6.5. >> Not even a seven. >> Well, I mean, people just don't understand the decile scale very much because whenever people do ratings, for some reason, they assume that seven is average. If any girl tells you you're a seven out of ten, they think you're dead [ __ ] average. Um, but really five is average, right? Five is 50th percentile. So, um, it just doesn't doesn't make sense. >> What What would you rate yourself? >> I wouldn't I I wouldn't. >> You can't. >> No, I just don't think it's a responsible thing to do. >> Why? Um, I think that you will apply certain, you know, restrictions to yourself. If you're someone who's as with the culture as I am, like, okay, I'm this rating, uh, according to my philosophy, uh, this is the girl I should be do going for, whatever. Uh, when I don't really think that that's something that's beneficial. Okay, so Mike's eyes were too close. Why did I get the 6 and 1/2? Um, why did you get a better score or why did you not get >> it? Seems it's I'll be honest with you, it just seems a little low. I thought I was at least a seven for sure. Like for I would I would have said personally when people ask me what I think I am on a scale of 1 to 10, I say eight. And I feel comfortable in that. >> But but but I I want to know like what is it? Like obviously I have thin hair and I look like a [ __ ] ridiculous person right now cuz hair. But yeah, go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What what do you think? >> I would say that when you were a little younger, I'd say that that rating would be closer to being true, but >> just, you know, how aging works, it's it's very difficult to maintain. >> [ __ ] BRO. >> [ __ ] LISTEN, LISTEN, LISTEN. A traditional wallet is a thing of the past. Do you really want to be sitting all tilted with your big wallet in your pocket while you're at work on a date in class? That's why today we are shouting out our sponsor, Ridge. Ridge Ridge wallet is the perfect Father's Day gift. You got a dad? Get your dad something he'll use every single day this year and replace that filing cabinet he has in his back pocket. It's made with premium materials like aluminum, titanium, and carbon fiber, which makes them reliable, durable, and guaranteed for life. And now new colorways. But Ridge isn't just about wallets. They create premium everyday carry essentials like power banks, key cases, suitcases, and rings. All built with the same sleek, durable design. And all Ridge products have a lifetime warranty. This is literally the last wallet you or your dad will ever have to buy. No matter what you pick, Ridge has free shipping, a 99day risk-free trial, and a lifetime warranty on all of their products. For a limited time, Ridge is running their huge Father's Day sale where you can get up to 40% off the best gear. Just head to ridge.com/logan. And don't miss out on one of their biggest discounts all year. That's ridge.com/logan for up to 40% off after you purchase. They'll ask you where you heard about the product. Please tell them we sent you and Paul sent you. And tell them uh we love you. Thank you, Ridge. Back to the show. >> Are you on dutasteride? >> I am not on duteride. What is dupastasteride >> or finasteride or anything? >> No. Oh, the hair. >> Yeah. >> Not currently. No, >> cuz I I saw you had a Oh, currently cuz I remember seeing you had a pretty impressive recovery from uh from hair loss. >> I did not uh No. So, when you're trying to conceive, uh finasteride is not not good, I think. >> Um >> and so we're trying to >> Oh, when you're trying to have a kid. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Um, it really doesn't matter as much as you would think for that. It's really just a libido thing because of the neurosteroids. So, >> some people deal with like, you know, postfinasteride syndrome. But like at the end of the day, um, I would rather my dick never work again and keep all of my hair than anything. >> Oh, I I um I don't like that one. I don't like that one at all. That one's crazy. >> Okay. Okay. Let's Wow. >> That's a That's really >> like Like, dude, look. All right. What would you rate Jason Staithm? >> Well, uh, eight out of 10. >> And he has no hair. >> Mhm. >> And his dick probably works pretty well. I don't know, though. >> But that's it's like, you know, for the average person, you're not going to be Jason Stathithm. So, you're going to have uh this bald head and a functional dick, but it's going to be over for you when you got no one that you could use it on besides your hand, you know? Okay. >> If you've got no hair, it's pretty much done. >> But how how how would you use a nonfunctioning dick? Even if you have hair. >> Well, I mean, you wouldn't, but you just at least they'll be able to mock people. >> Bro, dude, you you are you you're definitely one of the most interesting people I've ever met in my life. >> Clev, hold on a second. Because because isn't the Okay. And I and I want to get back to the duteride finaster videos as well. If the if the >> you don't take >> Okay, let me I'll unpack my hair as well because I've had quite the hair journey myself. >> If the goal What is the goal of mogging? Well, to improve your life and as you know, improving the quality of your of your life to the highest degree is the ultimate goal of looks maxing, of self-improvement. Um, and I'd say I like to just keep that general uh goal in mind cuz that could be women, that could be career opportunities, whatever. Um, and having a super narrow-minded approach to things where you're only looks maxing or only self-improving to get with a hotter chick. I think that's a little ridiculous. >> Okay. >> You know, >> I want to go back a couple steps on the peptides and that world because you talk about peptides a lot and you also just talked about the importance of your hair. >> Counter that statement, you've been on, this is maybe the most insane thing. You've been on test. Mhm. >> Since you were 14. >> Yeah. >> Correct. >> Correct. >> Test being one of the most anti-hair >> things >> in the world, right? An increase in DHT. Correct. >> Well, so yes. The way that it works is testosterone converts through an enzyme in your body into DHT and finasteride and dutasteride are five alpha reductase blockers. So they block that conversion. Um, so the, you know, if you're on testosterone, well, at the dosage that I am, and you're on tasteride, you're gonna have less DHT than the average person would. So, you're still going to be a lot hairs safer than anything. And right, testosterone is still an androgen. It could cause hair loss. Once again, a lot weaker than DHT. There is other ways you can go about it for the rare 1% of people who are on DUT um and they're still balding things like topical RU58841. So there is a lot of ways to avoid it, but it's not really a concern if you know how to mitigate side effects. >> Well, and the the hair world is changing rapidly. like we're look we should be looking down the pipeline here pretty soon at some >> light major breakthroughs in terms of waking up lazy follicles. Correct. >> Yeah. So it looks like we're under a lot of phase two trials. So uh hopefully all that kind of stuff comes soon. >> You seem pretty knowledgeable on on on even like how these things work. >> Yeah. Uh, well, I mean, you have to be like, you're kind of like taking a lot of different drugs and they're all interacting inside your body. So, if you just are blindly uh taking pharmaceuticals, it really could go wrong. And that's why I've always been against just universally advocating for uh the pharmaceutical intervention because most people won't really understand all the nuance that they need to actually looks max from it and they'll usually wind up looks minning, right? So >> So sorry one more time. >> Looks what they'll wind up looks minning. >> So they'll get worse. >> Yeah. They'll get worse looking, right? Because like you said, the thing about testosterone, if you just start taking testosterone because um you know, you saw a clip of someone that's 15 seconds long uh and you didn't see the rest of the video that explains things about DHT and taking your dutasteride, uh you would go bald and get worse, right? So, um that's why I'm like, I really don't think you should do it unless you've done years of research or are under careful supervision of a medical professional. What's your stack right now? Like ev everything you're taking. >> Um, it's funny. I actually just made a list. Uh, it's for >> It's that is it that long? How much How much How much test weekly? >> 300. >> Right now it's only 240 actually. >> 240 test sip. >> Yes. >> That's not a That's not a massive dose. No, that's But it's been much higher in the past. >> Not really. No, I've always been like consistently in that sports TRT range of like 250ish. >> I I'm curious. How did your parents let you take tests at 14? >> They didn't. They would take it away all the time. >> How did you get it? >> Um, well, I would just order it to the post office, general delivery, or I would just snipe the package. >> Do you know you do you know >> how how did you uh how did you find out about testosterone as a 14-year-old? Um, I was watching Rich Piana. I was um doing a lot of research on forums and uh just a lot of bodybuilding communities. >> And do you feel now at 20, do you feel good about the decision having started test at 14? >> Yeah. Um, but test is really not the greatest thing for puberty maxing. It's more so like the HGH, um, you know, aromatase inhibitors, things like that that are going to allow you to have more success. So, testosterone's not something that most people are going to benefit from because it aromatizes into estrogen, right? And that causes your growth plates to fuse if you're not super careful. Now, thankfully, I was um you know, and testosterone does give you a good amount of dimmorphism if you're taking it from early on, but like I said, uh if you stunt your growth from it, then you know, there's really no point. >> Are your parents tall? >> Um not overly tall. >> Are you taller than both of them? >> I think I'm about an inch taller than my dad, an inch or two taller. And my mom is 5'4. >> And do you have siblings? >> Yeah. Are you like your siblings? >> Um, I would say my sister's reasonably tall for a girl. She's 5'7. >> Sorry. I meant like more just like personality. >> Oh, well, my sister's a fair bit younger than me, so I remember like myself at her age and now. And there's like a, you know, there is still a lot of change. So, it's just hard to say. I I just I just I I think it's interesting like uh is the relationship between you and your parents solid at the moment? >> Um never really is. It's never great. >> What's the core obstacle? >> Um just me kind of not really ever able to be controlled or anything like that. >> But you're an adult now technically. Well, they still don't want to really accept that, you know. >> Well, I mean, dude, when you were 20, I mean, >> I don't know. I don't So, when I when I moved to LA, my parents kind of my parents were like, "Yeah, he's like he's doing his own thing." They're still trying to like I I saw a clip of your dad canceling your SIM card or phone. >> Quite annoying. Yeah, >> that was real. >> Yeah, that was real. >> You on your own account now? >> Uh, well, he won't release my number. So, >> wait. So, how how do you text people and stuff? >> I have to go on a hot spot. No [ __ ] way, bro. >> Yeah, I'm still I'm still that guy. >> This is crazy. >> I'm still the Yeah, >> this this this is Wait, you got to get your own You got to get your own plan. >> It's not even about like the money. I'm like, whatever. Like, I'll send you like the next 10 years worth of payments. Like, just turn the turn the phone back on, >> bro. That's crazy. >> Yeah, it was because like um I was doing a deal and he was like texting me like all this [ __ ] like, "Oh, make sure your lawyers review it." And I'm like, "Do you really think like I'm an idiot?" like I I got here for no reason. Um and he just got all mad cuz like you know I guess I kind of passed him up in a lot of regards at an early age. >> You pass maxed your dad. >> Passm maxed. >> Oh dude, he's not letting that one slide. He didn't like that. He didn't like that at all. >> You said it beyond father. >> You don't have to like add max to everything. >> I'm so sorry. We've been doing it. We we add it to No. No. No. You can't. You can't add it to everyone. >> Oh, we do. No. Trust me, we do. >> Trust Max doesn't really >> because you can't less or more. >> Trust me, we do, bro. You can trust Max that. >> Okay. All right. >> I'm sorry. >> Okay. Look, look. Give it a few years. I'm sorry. >> No, no, no. It's It's actually You're what you said earlier is right. It's It's impressive how it's made its way into culture, >> right? >> I wonder if it stays. I think uh most definitely like the words like jester um I would say that's obviously not a word I came up with or jester maxing but they're so good that people just love them. >> It's it was it's very good. I want I want to sorry not to interrupt you much but I did interrupt Max. You said you know the relationship with your parents is never really good. I have a sentence here on the PDF that says that they used to hide the hammers around the house. >> Yes. >> So it stopped smashing your face. >> Yep. >> You did bone smash as a youth. >> Yes. >> That wasn't that that's not like a joke. You actually took a hammer to your face to shape your jawbone. >> Yeah. Well, it's all on YouTube. >> Did it work? >> Yeah. Um it's just hard to exactly pinpoint. Oh, what percentage came from taking tests or what percentage came from bone smashing or just regular puberty? >> Uh, so that I couldn't answer, but you know, we have uh, you know, the reference to Wolf's Law, so you know, the theory makes sense. You know, >> did your parents really have to hide the hammers around the house? >> They did. That was not a joke. >> How many hammers were there? I would say they probably did it like three or four times. So, I had to switch to this baseball trophy. Um, which is a pretty famous prop. I've still been looking for it cuz everyone's been wanting me to find that souvenir. I don't know if you guys have seen that video. >> No, but if you find it, Logan will probably buy it. >> I'll buy it. I'm a collector. >> Nice. Um, but yeah. No, so I had to switch to a different tool. And that was like the common theme growing up is like my parents would always try to stop me from doing things and I would always become vindicated every single time uh I would decide to go down a a course of action. >> If you walked in Okay, let's first of all right now there's some rumors out there that you're potentially an expectant father. Is that true? >> No comment. >> Okay. If you walked and I want to talk I need to actually ask you about hCG as well. By the way, all those questions are related to my own life. That's why I'm asking you about them. If you walked in on your daughter, okay, and she was 12 years old and she had been watching clvicular on Tik Tok learning about bone smashing and she had a ballpeen hammer in her hand. As a parent, would you take that hammer from her? Um, well, if if a girl was looks maxing, I would say to her, uh, we live in a very favorable society towards women, and some beta boxer will still take care of you. Like, you don't really need to be doing >> beta what? >> Beta boxer. >> Betabauxer. >> Yeah. >> Can you explain? >> Yeah, I'm going to need that definition, unfortunately. So, a beta boxer is like someone who basically gets girls by being a s and like just, you know, being rich. Uh, but they're ugly. Um, so basically what I'm saying is there's going to be someone in in this dating market who's desperate enough for just about any girl. So, the burden for women to look Max is a lot lower. >> Okay. So, wait, I'm sorry. That's that's an insane thing to say to your daughter. Don't worry, honey. There's someone desperate enough out there for you. >> Well, I wouldn't obviously say that to her, but >> Okay. So, how would you how like she's she's Dude, Cle, she's [ __ ] her face up with this hammer, bro. Do you let it slide? >> No, but that's the thing I said before, right, is a lot of people won't actually like understand the nuance of things like how you you need to brace your head um to avoid CTE. >> She's doing it perfectly. She's an expert. I don't I don't really see that as being the case because like you don't understand like the amount of of research and the amount of time actually spent towards like having somewhat of an understanding of these things from an early age. >> There's a there's a missing link in the Clav story that I've discovered in this conversation. >> He's smart. >> You are a smart person. Well, yeah. But but here, >> but I don't think I don't think I don't think people think that you you you you are scientifically approaching all of this [ __ ] bro. Even when I asked him what my what my look was. >> I felt like I was like apple retina getting scanned like that. You're you're an intelligent person and you're you're you're applying your intelligence in an interesting way. >> Yeah. Um because I really just felt like my entire life it was what was missing from the manosphere discussion. Uh so you know all >> what the the brain >> no that has been missing for sure like they're missing a smart a smart like this key picture where they'd have like the pickup artists and they'd have the just go to the gym bro or just be confident bro. But no one was acknowledging this huge elephant in the room which was looks really do matter. And that's kind of why when I came about and started, you know, spreading this narrative, people were like, "Oh, yeah, like that actually does resonate." And we've got the data to prove it, right? It's not subjective at all. WWE Universe, we've got some huge news. Your favorite WWE podcasts are recording live at Fanatics Fest New York City this July 16th through 19th at the Javit Center. Javit Center. Javit Center. Catch live episodes of What Do You Want to Talk About with Cody Rhodess, WWE Now, and of course, your boy's impulsive. We will be there. And that is not all. WWE superstars will be in the building all weekend signing autographs, taking photos, making surprise appearances, including myself. Trust me, you're going to want to be there. Tickets are on sale now at fanaticsfest.com. Grab yours today and we'll see you there. One of the issues that I think that you've been up against in your in the in the public sentiment towards you, especially on discussions around hitting yourself with a hammer or responsibly doing meth like is while you're smart, the people that you're talking to might not be. >> And so do you feel a certain level? Do do you understand that sentiment? And do you feel a certain amount of personal respons personal responsibility as you promote a message like that to someone who might not have studied Wolf's law? You know, you know what I'm saying? And and it's just in the toolbox of their father's garage. Oo, this is a nice hammer. Maybe I could look like Clav one day. Like, do you understand that? >> Well, yeah. And and that's exactly what I I keep going back to is, you know, people aren't going to get it. They're not going to do the research I did. Uh so my message is like looks matter and self-improvement is a a good way to uh improve your quality of life. Uh it's not, you know, go do math, right? I would always advocate against people taking even prescription stimulants uh or drugs of any kind. Like if it's my serious uh you know long form setting interviews like this one, um I would never tell people to do you know testosterone at 14 years old. I'm just simply stating the things that I did. >> That that is an incredible [ __ ] to your point of what you just do you know how many cosmonauts there have been before you in the space Timothy Liry like people that did things as a as an experimentation to oneself not as an endorsement to those viewing it. Does that make sense? And so that >> makes a ton of sense as long as >> the caveat and the precursor to that discussion is there. And so I I >> it's it's >> you you definitely are a very smart person. Do Let me ask you a question. Do you have any like are you on like the spectrum? >> Um yeah, I'm neurode divergent. >> Okay. And that's a broad term which means basically that you are atypical >> correct >> neurologically. So what so what okay do can you narrow it down at all from there? Have you ever had a diagnosis? >> No, not professionally. >> Okay. I don't really have an reason to ask that. I was just I was just genuinely curious because you you h he does have like a very intriguing approach and and style of dialogue. No. Yeah, you you're uh you're an incredibly unique individual. >> Thank you. >> You're an incredibly unique individual. I even I even think like man I even if even if someone like did know how to bone smash for example, >> I don't even know how many people would would do it cuz I'm sure it was painful. >> Yeah. And then like the, you know, the brutal part about it was I used to just always h have to go into work the next day and I'd be, you know, pretty swollen. But um I would never really bother to go out of my way to come up with like a story or like a cover up. Like if if I got in a fight or something, I would just be pretty honest about it. Like I was bone smashing. And then, you know, all my co-workers thought it was pretty weird cuz this was like uh before all this stuff became mainstream. So, um >> it's still pretty weird. Like if like if anybody can't like >> as a once again as a as a document to yourself, I get it. But if uh if somebody if one of my friends came in and I was like, "Hey man, how'd your face get like that?" And they were like, "Oh, I was bone smashing with a hammer earlier today." Do you know what I'm saying? Like calling it mainstream would be a bit of a stretch. >> I wonder if you have to do it if you're going to do it while you're maturing and your face is still forming. >> Um, that's an interesting one >> cuz you kind of you kind you kind of guinea pigged yourself. You're like like you're >> you're sort of your own experiment and you're learning in real time and you did all this stuff on yourself and I think you fall within like a very small percentile of people that would do this. Yeah. Um because what I was trying to do was I was trying to think of another way to, you know, be able to succeed in the dating market outside of um being charismatic or, you know, what money maxing, whatever, because I saw it as completely unrealistic for me, who at the time in high school really was not a social person at all to, you know, be able to to talk to girls and like uh have game and all this kind of stuff. I was like, "Well, it makes a lot more sense uh to Luxmax as a a way to you you definitely you definitely it it appears at least from your streams you have game now. I see I see I see I I mean I mean I don't know, bro. I saw I saw a video of you kissing a mom and then kissing her daughter." >> Yeah. >> I just You know, this is insane to see. >> Well, usually I do the best when I say the least. So, >> oh, so you don't have game is what you're saying? >> No, not at all. Like a lot of people will come and and lie or, you know, they'll joke around with their friends like, "Oh, I got the best game." It's like, "I have probably the worst game." >> Oh, no way, dude. Dude, that's crazy. That's crazy. >> No, because you No, because you say your game is is very um straightforward, >> right? >> Which I think Which I think is >> it's intentional. Yeah. Um because the way that I always thought about it was like I see people having these conversations uh back and forth at a bar and it'll be like an interview process where the guy is just like asking all these stupid questions and it'll be like this back and forth. But really after all that's said and done, after that five or 10 minutes, is that going to change the answer to the key question of is this girl sexually attracted to me? Uh, and the answer is no. Right? As knowing her favorite color or uh where she works, it really doesn't matter. So, I just like to skip straight to the point and just ask if a girl wants to have sex. >> Is that your approach? >> He does it all the time. >> Yeah. >> It's How many of them are instant down? >> A lot. >> Where do you get the confidence to do that? Is it just your looks? pregout one. >> What is that? >> It's a It's an anti It's an anti It's a beta blocker. >> No, >> no, it's not. >> It's an anti-anxiety. >> Anti- anxiety. Yeah. Sorry. >> Oh, man. This is crazy, dude. >> Wait, cuz cuz cuz if you if you if you're saying you don't have game, but I've seen you approach women. >> I'm not I'm low inhibition. Yeah. But that's like I I have no uh issues with approaching or starting conversations. I just really don't know what to say most of the time. But like, yeah, I've got no problem being low in hip. And I think it helps me because like it just makes so much sense to me in my head that this is the best way to go about this situation that I'm like, why wouldn't I do this, you know? >> Would you say you're afraid of rejection? >> No. >> Don't care. >> No, not at all. >> How come? Um, well, I mean, I've gotten rejected probably live on stream like at least 5,000 times at this point, so it's fine. And it's like I know in my head that people spamming in the chat like, "O L game," it's like they never go up to girls regardless. So, it's like, yeah, maybe like I'll get rejected by like a couple girls uh for every couple that hit, but it's like that's totally fine with me, you know? It almost keeps you in check because I could play things completely sheltered and only like respond to girls in my DM request and have a 100% guaranteed chance. But I think that kind of gets your head too big >> uh and doesn't keep you in reality. Whereas like I'm actually doing IRL streams where I'm like even sometimes like I'll go out like laring as a civilian with like a Samsung. So not like the big camera just to like see the results. So it it gives you a good idea of where you are without, you know, the status and money aspect. Also, >> bro, laring as a civilian with a Samsung is >> it's just a wild sentence. >> This is just like, bro, I'm so entertained. >> I just I just >> I do agree with you that the >> just dude the same the flip phone. >> No, like a S25. >> Sheesh. Green messages type [ __ ] >> Yeah. >> To to record to stream. Yeah. Oh, >> I do I do agree with you that. >> Oh, no. You thought I just meant going out with a Samsung. Okay, I can see how that would be. Yeah. >> Yeah, messages are tough. >> They work for some people. >> I mean, but not everyone else. >> It's an automatic like problem. >> Yeah. >> So, when you get that girl and she like unless they're international, like occasionally we'll get like a couple Norwegians >> that have it or like somebody from South Korea or something like that. But if you get a a real US or UK person and they and and they have a >> Samsung Phil is very Yeah. very brutal. >> No. No. Uh KB, are you familiar with poly market? >> Yes. >> Poly market. >> Yeah. I speak to >> markets on everything. Trade on everything, >> right? >> Poly market. >> Mhm. >> Are you familiar? Do you know there's a lot of polyarkets on you? >> I do. >> Can I read you some of the poly market headlines and you tell me what percentage chance you think the these are? >> Sure. Okay. By the way, people are putting their money on on this. >> Well, I pretty much know all them. So, >> let's see. Let's see. Let's see if you know the percentages, right? >> Yeah. >> Glavvicular sentence to prison. >> 41%. >> 13%. >> Okay. >> It dropped dramatically over the past. >> It looks like there's a huge >> 13% chance that I do. >> 13% chance you're sentenced to prison. >> Okay. >> Traders believe in you, buddy. >> Nice. >> Clvicular pregnancy in 2026. Isn't that like over 90? >> 99% chance. >> 99. >> Should we buy? No. >> No comment. >> Tried, guys. There's $18.5 million in volume on the pregnancy one. >> That's the highest one. >> Insane, dude. >> I'm pretty sure that mogged like any NBA event ever or anything. >> People's sexiest man alive. Clavvicular wins. >> Like five 5% >> 3% chance. >> Nice. Okay, that's actually sick. >> Yeah, I remember I saw some of these, but I didn't know the percentages. >> But keep in mind like Travis Kelce was only at seven. Is there anybody on there that's in double digits? >> Yeah. >> Oh, there is. Yeah. >> No, no, no. Oh, who is it? >> Yeah. I mean, Timothy Shalom is at 13%. I mean, you're not far They're not that far behind. >> What do you What do you rank Timothy Shalamé? Um, I would say like probably also around 6.25, 6.5 somewhere. >> And and his SMV >> pretty high. >> And then Okay. So, who are >> He's only going to get girls that are on like birth control, though. >> Uh, >> wait, hold on a second. >> Birth control, you're attracted to more feminine features. >> Yeah, explain that. Yeah. Is that >> Yeah, that's true. So, if you're constantly pulling women, and this is what I would always do, um, just like to gauge my dmorphism was see if a girl was, uh, prescribed birth control to see if I was like, you know, cocked in any way. Um, so yeah, if you're if you're usually pulling girls that are on, that's not a good sign. >> But that's margin. That's a Wait, marginal. >> I'm I'm sorry. I'm sorry. >> No, it's legit. It's very legit. >> No, but marginal. >> No, legit. Like >> women women on birth control are attract more attracted to feminine men is what you're saying. >> Yes. Correct. Because they're tanking their E. And women with higher estrogen are attracted to like more masculine looking faces. >> Yes. >> But attracted to from a I don't want to use the term visceral attracted to from a sexual dynamic. But as you know who women choose in long-term partners is neg is less than.1% sexually based. Women are emotional beings and they they they base their long-term partnerships on you know likelihood of producing a safe environment for family and x y and z. >> Well that if that in initial attraction is never met like they're never going to have a gauge on those other traits, right? So, it's certainly the most important one. >> Got it. Can I ask you about the overdose? >> Yeah. >> I think for me the craziest part about it all is that it was live streamed. >> Mhm. >> It's your stream, >> correct? >> Right. And you're in charge. >> Mhm. >> Is when does real life become more important than the stream, if ever? Well, I mean, I don't really think of of the stream too much when we're doing it because um a lot of the times it'll be stuff that, you know, me and my buddies were doing just before we we started it and then we were just like, "Okay, we'll put this on kick." Because people liked me going on other people's. So, it was just I guess it was like a very easy transition. like I wasn't like uh you know, okay, now I'm streaming like now I have to start going to bars and like doing all this craziness. It's like yeah, we're just doing that off camera. >> Um but for that, that was a little bit misunderstood. That's not like a traditional overdose. That was just me passing out really in just the same way that you would from drinking too much alcohol. >> Was that experience a wakeup call at all for you? >> Yeah. No, absolutely. I mean, I haven't taken a drug since. So, >> the challenge, I think, will be either staying that way, sober, or developing a healthy relationship with alcohol. How do you feel on that? I will never really drink because it's just so toxic and disrupts uh a lot of your different growth pathways to such an extent that I could never really drink. Uh like e even if uh I could have no problem at all with uh you know the occasional drink which I really don't I've never really had a a drinking issue. It's it was more stimulants that was you know something I was overdoing. Um, but yeah, it's really just like me considering what alcohol really is. It's ethanol. It's a complete poison that you're ingesting. So, I just wouldn't do it. Plus, it I don't I don't think it helps the way you look either. If we're look maxing, you know, it's like >> it's got a lot of calories. It descends you. Yeah. It's very bad. >> What about people and what what do you say to or think about people who don't care about any of the [ __ ] They're just freespirited people that are out on an adventure, enjoying life, smiling even though they're fat or stupid or bald or whatever. >> Well, I mean, I'm not here trying to like do some populist rally where it's like we all need to look smack, guys. It's like if you don't want to do any of this stuff, then I don't give a [ __ ] like that that doesn't affect me at all, you know. So, uh if if someone has that sentiment, they think looks maxing stupid, it's not something they would ever do, then so be it. >> Do you feel compelled to push your beliefs on any topics on anyone? Like, like are you are you outspoken on like issues regarding like trans people or anything like that? >> No. Um I wouldn't say so. I don't I don't really have an opinion on transgenders um like homosexuals. It's just not really something that benefits um me in any way to to have an opinion on. It's just I don't care cuz it's not relevant to looks maxing. >> Oh, okay. That's a that's an cuz you cuz I know you once said that politics >> are jester >> are jester too. Yeah, >> not to me. They're they are >> So, okay. So, I I agree with you to an extent. I think people spend a lot of time talking about things that they cannot control. Okay. And one of the things I learned in recovery when I got clean was the serenity prayer, which was the asking God for the courage to change the things that you can about yourself and to, you know, be at peace basically with the things that you can't, right? And so I I tend to agree with you there on a lot of those topics, but people are angry. They spend their whole day on Twitter tweeting about [ __ ] >> Well, that's what I mean. And it's like if you're going to spend 6 hours dedicating uh your time to like listening to an X space uh from like some political gesture versus listening to like you know maybe uh more plates more dates video or a Leon longevity video. That just seems like an outrageous waste of time to me. Um so yeah that that's benefiting you in no way. So I only really do things out of self-interest. Uh, and there's there's no self-interest in politics. >> So, you're so blunt and and like strangely aware for your age of like these different characteristics about yourself and and the fact that you're able to like with a straight face and this is I guess going back to what I mentioned about when I asked you about the spectrum situation to with such a straight face to say that you're interested in self-preservation or self-interest >> is >> it's just interesting. It's just it's interesting. I mean, did you did you happen to see the Mr. Beast um query on Twitter about the red button, blue button? >> Um, no, I didn't. >> Don't, bro. No, stop. It's not that interesting. It's not that interesting. I let it slide on boys only, bro. Not the It's just so confusing and silly. >> Oh, >> now I'm a little >> No, I mean, yeah. Now, now you got him answering is pretty interesting. >> All right. All right. All right. Run. >> Oh, is it something about like would you save like the >> Do you want me to read? >> Sure. Go for it. >> Okay. Okay. Everyone on Earth takes a private vote by pressing a red or blue button. If more than 50% of people press the blue button, everyone survives. If less than 50% of people press the blue button, only people who press the red button survive. Which but button would you press? Now, we had to hear this or read this about six to eight times. I'm going to be honest. Something tells me you already understand the question, have fully analyzed the question, and have already identified an answer. >> I already knew my answer before you asked it. Like kind of impressive. >> I I kind of already knew. I mean, yeah, I'd use I'd choose the one that's pro self-preservation, you know, and I think people will, you know, say how horrible that is, whatever. But I would say it's almost more horrible to just be completely disingenuous with everything that you say and do. Um, and when it comes down to it, completely switch up. Like at least people know where I'm at. >> Yeah. Go ahead. >> I was just going to say, you know what's crazy about that as well? >> Everyone who pressed the if the red one, everyone who pressed the blue button, people who weren't only self-interested would die. You'd basically kill all the great all the all the people with like empathy. who cared about their neighbor. >> Yes. But his statement right now is is ba is another interesting one that we didn't talk about last week which was people who are claiming that they would >> it's easy to say this on an ex like poll than it is like if this was an actually real scenario. >> Okay. So, so what I gather from the answer and why you were able to you knew the answer before you even asked the question is it seems like you know your why like your individual who you are in life your why really well. >> Well, I just Yeah. And I also know human nature right which is to to lie uh and to you know choose the easy route and things. But I but I Okay, so I hear you. But I also >> but I also believe >> faith in humanity. >> Okay. But but at least I I do believe that there are people who genuinely would >> press the blue button. Does that make sense? Because because for example >> cuz they're ignorant. >> Okay. What about someone who I gave a second example and this is I'll keep this one short, but like what about someone who decides to run into a burning building potentially to save someone that they don't know? Okay. Like because that they they could potenti and they're putting their life at risk. They're ignoring self-preservation, but they're genuinely doing it because they feel like they might be able to save someone's life. >> Well, I think that would be more virtuous because it's more predictable. Um whereas this is >> um okay let me as you know maybe as a a father of of three >> uh go into this room and and press this blue button that doesn't even guarantee uh my survival and me being there for my children. Let me just you know put a blind faith in humanity that random people across the globe will do the same. That's irresponsible. >> What if you knew that your three children had to also go in and push the button? >> Um, well, I mean, it just depends on how you raise them. Really? >> One of them is a toddler. >> Yeah. See, there were there were some parts to the question that that like Mr. that Jimmy didn't >> put out there, but but I mean, >> wait, I'm I'm sorry. >> Yep. If you press the red button, you guarantee your survival. >> You will live immediately. >> But >> wait, wait, wait, but but then the people who press the blue button die. >> If if enough people think in the way that you are in a self-preservation, >> what if everyone just presses the red button? Everyone lives. >> Well, yes. >> Yes. >> So, so that so that's that's the option. >> Yes. So, so >> yeah. Red is Red is Red is you don't die the zero risk and if everyone pressed it, everyone lives. Correct. >> So one person's going to press the blue button. Damn, I would have been fried. >> Yeah. >> Well Well, keep Well, keep in mind though, then you're you you're >> one coper. >> Well, blue one the poll. But to your point, >> you blew one on social media. >> Correct. Correct. Correct. I I agree. I agree with you completely. >> It's a ve it's a very interesting thought experiment. >> What's your favorite meal? Um, probably a burger. >> No way. With or without cheese? >> No cheese on it. >> No cheese. >> No, >> just a burger. >> Yep. >> Why no cheese? >> Well, I'm on this medication um called Sleilene. >> Okay. >> Mim. Uh, and just the way that the cheese breaks down, uh, it wouldn't be a very good interaction with this. What say you on cheeseburger versus burger? So there's a burger >> in Vegas. >> In Vegas. >> Yeah. >> If if if looks maxing is your goal >> and you have found that cheese is anti-looks maxing or look would be looks mining then that this is this is a very like >> creative way of saying something that people I avoid cheese for X reason. There's a lot of people avoid cheese. People laugh like >> whoa whoa whoa. Now you've now you've hit a a nerve. Okay. So, I personally love cheese, but I This is a good question. How much how much uh at your young age have you took into taken into consideration subjectivity and the idea that people can think very differently than you? >> Well, I realize that people can think very differently and also very wrong, but You know, because cheese is just a useless addition to the burger. Uh, it serves you no benefit other than just adding dietary fat. >> Do you have anything else on your burger? >> No. >> So, you're I'm talking about a bun, patty, bun, >> and ketchup. That's it. >> So, okay. So, how about this question? So why do you like a burger which has potentially more empty calories than a food that is better for you? More >> What do you mean by empty calories? >> Do you have it on a bun? >> Yeah. >> Do you I mean there there's a lot of >> carbohydrate. It's not an empty calorie. >> It's a carbohydrate. It's packed with sugar. A ton of sugar. >> Sugar is a carbohydrate. >> Yes. >> But that's not an empty calorie. >> Okay. And it really isn't that packed with sugar. A burger bun. >> It should have It probably has a tremendous amount of sugar in it, dude. >> Not really that much. >> Really? >> But I guess why I guess my question is why not just eat a steak? >> Well, because um you know, when I'm streaming out and about, it's fast food, right? You get something in and out. It's quick. Um it's accessible. There's not a place in the world really that you can go where there isn't a McDonald's or a Burger King within 2 miles of you. It's like I pull up my phone to look what fast food earlier was around. Burger King and McDonald's like literally uh you know 2 miles away when we were driving and I happened to look it up. >> Why not why not like a Chipotle burrito? >> Uh well that's a little bit less convenient I would say. Like that's an actually sit down thing. Uh, Chipotle is less reliable. Burger King just really never lets you down. >> That's your thing is Burger King. >> Yeah. And also Chipotle is too spicy. >> What about what say you of Wendy's? >> Horrible. >> You don't like spice? >> No. >> Do you like ice spice? >> I don't like seasoning. >> Ice spice? >> No seasoning for me. >> Ice spice. >> What about her? >> Do you like her? >> Oh. Oh, that Wendy's blow is never >> not particularly. I mean, like I don't dislike her, but >> what about Tate Mcrae? >> Who's that? >> She sings um uh >> What about Sabrina Carpenter? >> I don't know who that is. >> Who's Who's the top moggers out there? >> Top mogger. Top moger. Probably Tyler Mayer. >> Hold on a second. Bodybuilder. >> No, >> fitness coach. >> Um, just fitness model. >> This guy? >> No, it's He probably spelled it wrong. >> This guy? >> Yeah. >> Oh. Oh, with an H. Oh, he's So Tyler Mayer's top mogger. Yeah. Oh, >> this guy mogs. Yeah. >> Yep. >> When you walked the runway, how was that? >> That was um pretty cool, I would say. I knew there was going to be a lot of media from that, so um I was pretty hyped. You know, I knew the clips would would bang. >> Nervous at all? >> No, I was on a lot of proprenal, so uh I wasn't really too nervous about it. And also the people in, you know, the whole modeling industry are mostly kind of cocked. So like they'll be I don't know. It's it's a strange scene if you get what I mean. It's like there's something like really off about the people there. >> What What do you think? What are you saying? Like what do you what did you feel? >> Like these people been through some [ __ ] >> you know? >> Wait, really? >> I've not been to a a >> You mean the designers, the photographers, like all of them? Yeah. >> Like it's a strange world. >> You're like Yeah. You're like something's going on here. >> What's going on, though? >> Yeah. Yeah. I don't know, man. >> I don't dis I don't disagree with you, by the way. >> When Drake said Clav has a micro, why? And also, does he? >> That was just something that someone else typed on his account. Um, and no, not micro. I I've been doing PE for a while. So, >> what is PE? >> Penis enhancement. >> What does that look like? Asking for >> what does it look like? So, like pumping, um, shopping bag hanging, stretching, that kind of stuff. >> Shopping bag hanging, stretching. Can you elaborate? >> You have a shopping bag or >> we can visual I'll visualize. >> You could No, you that that sandbag would work. No, cuz it'll it'll it's a counterwe for that light. >> So >> So basically what you're doing is just, you know, wrapping it around your wrist. Um you could put book bags in it, whatever weights. Oh, here. Yeah. Here you go. >> Yeah. That Yeah, that's a shopping bag. >> Perfect. Yeah. So this is actually that. >> So you just put stuff in here. It's various items. Then you wrap it around your wrists like this. And then you're basically holding on to your suspensory ligament and stretching. >> Suspensory ligament. >> Mhm. >> Penis. >> Well, that's what you're stretching, but yeah, you're holding on to your shaft. >> Well, it's Well, it's >> stretching the leg. >> Well, it's flaccid. >> Yeah. So, I would do this while I was driving. >> Your commitment to the game is admirable. >> Well, it's important. >> Did you see improvement? >> Yeah. So the problem with that is um you know your erection angle will lower a little bit but mine was already above the ideal so yeah so it wasn't a problem. >> Would that be considered penis maxing? >> Yeah. >> How is your >> I was just I was just like chilling here. So used so used to it. >> Yeah. Yeah. All the co now. >> How given all given the current stack? How's how's the old ball and chains working these days? >> Good. Good. So, I thought for a while that um you know it was it was over. Um you know cuz I was taking Tadalaphil. I was taking the dick injections. >> Oh, you went all the way up to the injections. >> Yeah. Well, those were mostly for fun cuz I realized that like there's a level of confidence gained when you're cold approaching with a boner. So, >> are you serious? >> Yeah, >> I I definitely that's the wildest the fact they're able to say it so straightfaced is mindblowing. But I agree with you. >> Wait, what? >> I I do agree with him. The boner. How about a semi? >> No. No. >> Oh, you're talking about a full [ __ ] boner, dude. >> Yes. Like the girls can sense it. >> Tucked in your face. >> This is some primal [ __ ] It's like a boner pheromone. >> This is above me. This is above me. >> I don't I don't >> This is crazy. >> Okay, so >> see See, for me, I was >> Mhm. >> I have a job. I pro like I don't know. Sometimes I say too much, but like I was always like I went with the waistband tuck. >> Yeah. Yeah. No, no, I'm not talking about just like that would definitely be >> No, but still for So, but it like shows up like I >> Right. Right. Right. No, but like only if someone's looking for it. >> Yeah. But then is the girl like, "Why the [ __ ] is this guy rock hard? We're in the mall." >> That's probably a sign of vitality. >> Yeah. It's just like a sign of >> And to be completely honest with you, if you're the right guy, they're probably kind of >> You're the wrong guy, you're probably [ __ ] >> Then you're [ __ ] Then you're [ __ ] But if you're the right guy, >> that universal advice, >> yeah, but I mean like I I don't know. There's like all these like weird like niche things and these tips and tricks that sound so ridiculous like but people cope so hard that they'll never actually try it. So, how did you get how did you get back online? Because there is a new kind of thing with this Tad Phil Sennap. Um, obviously you're seeing these companies all go absolutely bonkers on revenue. We're talking I don't want to name them all because I don't think any of them are sponsoring right now, right? We've had every one of them sponsor in the past. One of them I I was partially responsible for blowing up probably 10 years ago. I could probably guess >> every one of these companies is going crazy with younger people. And the weird thing about it is it is it's addressing a psychological situation. Not in your case, cuz in your case, you had actually created a a a setting that wasn't advantageous for poners, right? >> But for a lot of these people, they're taking it for psychological reasons at a young age and getting >> pornography is the is the reason for that, right? So, a lot of people have extremely bad porn addictions from an early age, and that's frying their dopamine systems to the point where the stimulation from hooking up with a girl is not enough to, you know, give them that that satisfaction, uh, you know, or or get them to be aroused. And that's a horrible thing. So, they need to rely on things like Selenapil, uh, Seialis, whatever. >> That's crazy. >> Mhm. >> But it is. Are you do do you ever watch porn? >> Never. >> Have you ever watched it? >> Obviously. >> Yeah. I mean, obviously like normal teenager stuff like when I was 15, but not really since then. >> Is that partially from a place of not having to Does that make sense? I guess it becomes a kind of a what came first, the chicken or the egg situation, right? Like if you >> No, no, it was not really anything to do with that. Um, I would just like not really have the need to jerk off with pornography. I'd usually just do it without. And then I would say by the time I was like 17, 18 years old, I was being pretty consistent where it just wasn't necessary. >> I can I can assume you're sexually active. Yeah. >> Yeah. Can I ask you how important is it to you to also make the girl have an orgasm? Not important. How come? Well, because you know the amount of extra effort that's required to do that is just not going to really have much ROI. So, so I don't >> Well, it's true. I mean, really, >> that means return on investment. >> Well, yeah. So, like, you know, you're going to have to spend at least an extra half hour uh more than you usually would doing some >> That's that's that's not true. It depends on the girl. They don't just there, Dude, there are girls that there are girls that can finish especially the the cheat code there if you cuz let's be honest, if you're just doing one night stands, it doesn't matter, right? But if you're if you're trying to satisfy a partner and and maintain a long-term relationship, having them enjoy the the experience is obviously important. The workaround there, the the ultimate solution is is a vibrator, dude. It it completely eliminates that entire effort. >> That's kind of like cocked in my opinion. >> You really think so? >> Yeah, I I would say so because think about it, right? Uh now you're sitting there with some stupid vibrator like like you know what I mean? Like that's >> So what I'm simply saying about the ROI thing is you're telling me that there's not an activity in that, you know, even let's just call it 15 minutes, just be realistic. Um in that 15 minutes that you could be doing that's going to guarantee uh a long-term relationship. Like that seems silly. Like in 15 minutes I could, you know, get, you know, set up for to do my stake stream. Um, I could do just a million different things. Like I could take an important phone call, whatever. And that's >> I'm just trying to think of this explanation to the girl as to why she's not finishing. Set up my kickstream right now. I can't do this [ __ ] >> Yeah. Ex. Exactly. So, like I can literally think of one million better things that's going to make a girl want to be with me in the long term rather than just uh a simple fleeting orgasm. That seems just so ridiculous. Would you be upset if you didn't have an orgasm? >> Yeah, >> but it's fleeting. >> Well, I mean, like that's true, but you know, it's almost like a painful thing if you're just like doing like a two minute then, oh, got to go, you know? And I' I've done that before on purpose because I think there's also like the psychological thing like if you just have sex with a girl for a couple minutes and then go out to a bar. It's something that could work. I've tried that. >> Work how? >> Like because then you you know are incentivized to complete the the rest of it with another girl. Then you just you just have to do what's called a bird bath before you go out. >> Yeah. And what what exactly is that? Take a guess. >> You get in the shower and do a body rinse. >> I know. Bird bath is where you wash your deck of the sick. >> Oh, >> we've all We've all done a bird bath, dude. >> Yeah. >> I just didn't know that's what it was called. >> I did one yesterday. >> Oh, whoa. Hold on. >> I've birthed bath more than I even thought about in that moment. Yeah. >> More than I've showered. Yo, real quick. 60% of people watching this are not subscribed. I can't believe if you've made it this far, you clearly mess with impulsive. Subscribing literally helps us bring on insane guests and keeps the show getting better. So, please hit the subscribe button. Let's get back to it. >> Now that you're a club owner, that's also probably helping your nocturnal pursuits a little bit as well. Yeah, it's like really at the point where it's just sometimes almost too easy and I'm just like >> Does that scare Does that scare you at all? Because you've seen a lot of people go down a dark path with that and people have been very open about it in in the scene. Sex became so simple and easy and replicable and non-enjoyable that they ended up >> switch to men. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. So, um, that definitely happens. Then you have like weird [ __ ] like what Diddy does and stuff like that. Um, but that's why, you know, I'll kind of remove like some of the advantages that I have like with the club stuff and I'll just like do regular day day game and stuff like that to see if I can still have successes that way. It's like more meaningful. >> Can the lions can the lion still hunt? >> Right. Right. M >> it's more about the pursuit like being you know difficult and then there's like a reward you know for your efforts than anything in my opinion. Has ever been a girl that you've been with or desired who you were really attracted to her personality but maybe she was the one that got away. Uh, I don't know. That's a That's a difficult one. Do you miss anybody right now? Are there any girls in your life that you wish were still around? >> No, not really. It's just it's kind of diff difficult to to say because I think just like the way that men and women interact um just on like a you know mitigating stress level like there's a lot of benefits to just having like a woman's presence in your life and I think those are kind of like universal. So I wouldn't really say like there's been an individual that's been better or worse, you know. So not really. So the the reason that you are not currently dating someone is has nothing to do with not being able to find the right person. >> Well, right now I'm dating a couple girls actually. So got a harum going on. >> How many? >> Three. Soon to be four. >> Are they friends? >> No, they don't get along. >> Oh, it's get it's getting better, actually. You'd be surprised. Was this based on >> Do you have a favorite? >> No. >> You can't have a favorite, I'm sure. >> No, you can't. >> I bet you do, though. Secretly. >> Yeah, but I got to say it. >> I got to say it. >> But it was two >> Fiona. We'll leave that. >> Yeah. >> If you want us to leave it in. >> Wow. >> So, three three soon to be four. Leave it in is crazy. >> Yeah. Leave it in. >> So, four. No, cuz then they'll compete. Is that what you're trying to do? He doesn't give a [ __ ] dude. >> Incentivized. >> He doesn't care. Wait, was was the up from two to three based on Dan's advice? >> That was Yeah, that was definitely a part of it. But um I was kind of just on one of those days where I'm just doing random [ __ ] and I was like s I was sitting there eating lunch and I was like, "Fuck, like I need to invite more people to my house." So, I just called up a bunch of girls and the first thing I said to them was, "Hey, do you want to come move into my house?" And I got actually a surprising amount of yeses. >> Are you really going to host a competition with 500 girls and then impregnate the one who wins? >> Uh, no. That was a meme. 500's a little too much. >> Yeah, that maybe like >> I did. I got click baited. >> I was thinking about like having like 20 girls like come and do challenges, but I haven't thought of the challenges yet. Well, shouldn't the challenges be related to motherhood? >> Oh, that's interesting. >> Oh, yeah. That's true. >> That's really interesting. >> Right. If you know what I'm saying. >> And nobody gives a [ __ ] about that. That's like >> No, no, no, no, no. You could you could entize it. You could ventize it. >> No. Yeah. Right, dude. Speedfolding clothes. >> Yeah. >> And like a cookoff that's judged by a judge. Maybe I should join your creative team, dude. >> I think Yeah, >> you you could you could make him a lot of money. You'd be a sick manager for I Hey, I've done some behind the scenes Clav work already. >> Yeah. Yeah, you you helped out with the one thing. But dude, it was crazy because I think I gave like a a task list or a grocery list to one of the girls the other day and she [ __ ] it up so bad that I was like starting to really like question humanity. I was like, "Wow, >> she must have [ __ ] botched it." I've had a lot of like my uh suits go in the washer and dryer before and I'm sitting there thinking like how is this even possible, you know? How is this possible? >> Dude, I trust me, I can relate. My My poor Alex. I I posted about it today. My clothes are always either wet or shrunk. >> Mhm. >> Drying is a drying is a hands-on process. You got to you got to stay engaged. Okay. You got to get the clothes out when they're at the right temperature. >> Mhm. Dryers aren't aren't Nobody's dryer maxing. Um I What was I gonna Look, bro, I think you have a stream tonight. Oh, are you streaming tonight? Oh, yeah. You >> I'm going to try. Yeah. If I could figure something out. >> I think you can get it done. >> It's just really about like how dangerous the area. >> You're fine. >> Yeah, >> you're fine. What is he? He'll he'll It's Thursday. You're good, I think. Right. You can find some night life. He can he can tell you. Um, just don't just don't don't get like >> don't antagonize people. >> Bingo. You know, you know the drill. >> San Juan is fine. >> Plus, you got security. You'll be >> Yeah. Yeah. It's like that's the thing when I go out like I don't really uh even acknowledge like a single like guy's presence ever. Like we're just there to talk to girls and have a good time. Like >> dude, I'm sure by the way I'm sure Puerto Ricans like will be really friendly. They're they're very friendly and >> Yeah. Yeah. It seems that way. >> Yeah. They they'll like what you're doing. >> Yeah. Okay. Well, that should work. >> Um, yeah. I uh I want >> Do you have any questions for us? >> The [ __ ] >> Do I have any questions for you guys? I would have if I >> prepped. >> Yeah, that's crazy. That's crazy. He came out our podcast. He's like, "Yo, ask us something." >> Oh, wait. Can I Oh, wait. Can I ask you Wait, can I ask you one? How's the hg last question for me? How's the hg journey going? The reason I asked is because I'm trying to produce a viable sample >> to freeze. >> You want to do a test semen test? >> I have already done it. It's bad because I was because I've been on test for 5 years. >> You need HMG, too. >> I know that. I just got the price audit. Holy [ __ ] >> Yeah. I mean, >> $1,500 a week around. >> Yeah. You could get it for less than that with the right. I could help. Yeah. I help with that. >> Yeah. >> But you you were just H CG so far. >> Yeah. And you had >> I have HMG. Yeah. >> But you had results from HCG. >> Yes. >> Okay. So, maybe I don't even have to do it. >> No, I don't I don't think y'all necessarily need to, but HMG is uh definitely a way to pretty much guarantee things. >> Was your uh LH and sperm output basically at zero? >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> Yeah. >> Wait, I did have one more question. Do you collect Pokemon cards? >> I don't. Do you collect anything? >> Uh, >> sunglasses. >> Sunglasses. I like >> really. >> Yeah. Yeah. Do I collect anything else? >> No. I I don't really think so. >> Something to think about. All right, let's get out of here. >> I think that was pretty interesting though, that the $5 million card or whatever. I was kind of falling. >> Now it's like 16 million. >> It's worth 16 million. That's >> what he sold it for. >> Holy [ __ ] That was a pretty good flip. I like it, dude. If I would have started doing Pokemon cards if I knew you could do that kind of stuff. >> It's not too late. It's not too late. I I think the hobby is warming up still. >> Yeah. >> Um but dude, this has been great. Thanks. Thanks for coming down to Puerto Rico. >> Thanks for having me. >> Yeah. It's It's funny, bro. I think we got a ton of clips. I can totally I can do >> clips, but also but also like a rich >> Yeah. Yeah. Before you go, uh uh can I By the way, hey, that's it. Thanks for watching this podcast. Hit the subscribe button. We'll see you next time. Take it easy. Peace.
