<!-- youtube-transcripts/_raw/dave-portnoy-npr.raw.md -->

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Seh1vt3c-hM

Dave Portnoy on Trump, the 'manosphere' and 'Barstool conservatism' | Morning Edition | NPR

NPR
776K subscribers

Subscribe

614

Share

Ask

Save

NPR is an American public broadcast service. Wikipedia

39,494 views Jun 9, 2025
Dave Portnoy on the manosphere, meme coins and what drove him to be more political | Morning Edition | NPR

In an exclusive interview, Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy tells NPR’s Morning Edition why President Trump has met his expectations, what he wishes the President would do differently and what Democrats need to do to win back the votes of men like him.

Host
Steve Inskeep

Producer
Adam Bearne
Will Mitchell

Show Editor
Reena Advani

Video Editor
Lear Bunda

Executive Producer
Jay Shaylor

in politics, you're going to piss half the people off. No matter what you say, voted for Trump, it's more an indictment of I would say the Democrats. If if somebody is a doesn't isn't here legally, but they're a productive member of society with no issues, I don't think then you go say get out of I I think Trump for the most part has done exactly what he said he was going to do. If you told me we'd be I'd be on NPR and like 5 years ago, I'd be like, you're crazy. Dave Portoi is the founder and head of Bar Stool Sports. He's also a social media figure known for his pizza ratings and sometimes his political opinions. He's also a barometer for a certain kind of man that politicians on both sides of the aisle really want the votes of people who voted for Donald Trump in big numbers in 2024. People Democrats want back. So, we came here to this Miami studio to talk with Dave Portoy. Welcome. Thank you. Thanks for having me. If people don't know, I want to know a little bit about your background. You're from Boston, correct? Your parents were a lawyer and a teacher. Teacher. Yep. Which I like cuz my mom was also a teacher and my dad, too. And uh I read that you went to the University of Michigan and got a degree in education. Correct. Were you planning to be a teacher? No, I don't think I was. So, at Michigan, you need a to uh graduate, you need to pass your language uh requirement, which I just could not do. So, I went I was through Spanish 3 in high school. Got dropped back down to remedial Spanish when I took the test. Couldn't pass it. Just couldn't pass it. I realized if I transferred to the educational school, there was no language requirement. Uh so, that was my fast pass to get my graduation. So, you're just trying to escape. I was just trying to graduate with a degree. Yeah. But you had a vision of something else you were going to do in life. Yeah. I mean, I there was a time when I thought maybe gym teacher was was like something I I knew I want to enjoy my life. So I was a sports guy. Um but I was really at that point let me get the degree and get out of get out of college. And you ended up developing your own business which is a long and amazing story. But you started in I mean before the internet was as big as it is now. It was a physical newspaper at one time. Is this right? Barcel sports was basically a four-page gambling rag like fantasy for sports that type of thing. and I would hand it out outside of subway stations in Boston, literally up 4:00 a.m. screaming at people to take the newspaper. Uh, I'd do all the jobs in the paper. I'd write sales, whatever, and then I'd go back to the subway station around 400 p.m., hit people on their evening commute, and that's how it started. And that's how it was for the beginning years. Did you have a vision for what it was going to be? No vision. Um, I I I just really wanted to wake up and enjoy what I did. Uh, I was interested in the gambling industry. That was something that interested me. So, fantasy sports, that type of thing. I never dreamed it would be what it was today. If I could have squeezed out 60 grand a year, waking up happy, working for myself, that would have been a win. It seems to me you then caught a couple of big waves. And one is the internet getting bigger and bigger. And the other is gambling and sports getting closer and closer, more intertwined. Is that how you see it? I caught a lot of waves. I would just say two. A right time, right place, right guy throughout the years. But the internet, without the internet, I'm not here with bar stool and bar stool isn't here. Um, found the right writers, right people to work. The gambling part of it we actually sort of went away for for a while. But I would say what elevated my bank account for sure was the changing of the law in the United States where you could now legally bet on sports. We had started as a gambling newspaper. Um, and then I don't know 10 years I'm guessing when that law changed. We were uniquely positioned with our audience for all these companies. It was it was a land rush. I mean it was a gold mine of people throwing money at advertisers, different types of things. So we were just right time, right place again for that. So I think about where your business is now and it's this kind there. I mean, you're you're at some intersection of sports, of gambling, of culture, a little bit of politics, a little bit of news, but like what's the one-s sentence description? What essentially is it that you're doing? It started, and I think it rings true for the most part. Barcel Sports was supposed to mean anything guys would talk about sitting down at a bar watching sports. So, that's pretty wide open on what it could be. The only caveat I'd say, which I didn't anticipate, we we've more we have a a big female audience too and launched some of the biggest female podcasts and podcast stars. So, it's it's really what a guy or girl may talk about in their living room or for guys in a locker room or girls in a locker room. That's really it's supposed to be plain speak basically busting each other's balls and having fun. Does the when with those podcasts does the audience segregate or self-segregate men and women listening to different things? It generally does but it can't it it depends on the podcast. It depends what they're doing. Like I worked on a podcast uh until recently called BFF and this was basically I thought at the time Barcel was starting to get old and and uh Tik Tok was developed and we the kid if you went to people on Tik Tok said what's Barcel sports they'd been like we have no idea. So I I knew I had to penetrate that audience. So we teamed up with a uh a Tik Tok star Josh Richards. Basically think of a boy band except for Tik Tok. That's really what it is. And Bar stool got big in Tik Tok. Now that audience, male, female, everybody talking about things for for multiple people. Then we have, you know, Spit and Chicklets is a hockey podcast that'll be very male centered. Uh Call Her Daddy, which is I still think to date the biggest female podcast of all time. Uh that was really female focused. So it it's just what are they talking about? Uh I follow on Instagram your your pizza ratings, your political commentaries. The same things are on Tik Tok and every other platform. Correct. A lot of people know you from those. Are you in real life the same person that I see on Instagram? Yeah. Uh it it varies on what you're doing. It may be an amped up a WWE version of it at times. Um, and I have a vehicle obviously to to get my thoughts out with it, but it's it's me for the most part. I mean, again, it depends the the situation. I got arrested protesting Tom Brady into the flightgate. Like, we went myself, three other Patriot fans who worked, handcuffed ourselves to each other outside of the commissioner's office and said, "We want to talk to Goodell." I thought what they did to Brady was wrong, unfair, all of that. If I had a 9-to-f5, am I going and handcuffing myself to uh in front of the headquarters? No, I'm not. Like, I'm not a crazy person, but we are in an entertainment business. So, that worked for us. You wanted to make that point. You also wanted to get attention for making that point. Yeah. And even in that, we one thing I will say about us and I've said about that incident, we do it for our our readers, our fans. Sometimes I don't think about the effect beyond who I'm speaking with. And I think that sometimes surprises me, sometimes doesn't. But like our crowd knows me. So we've been around 20 plus years. So they can almost predict what I'm going to say before I say it. But a lot of times I'll see people who maybe less and less who don't know who I am and like, "Holy cow, what's this guy saying?" And they don't have the context or anything of who we are and where we came from. Who in your mind is your audience, the person you're talking to when you're talking? I'd say a very I'd say like 90% of like normal Americans. Like I think the uh extreme left and the extreme right are like a little bit nuts, but this for the most part is people trying to grind through their day. They have a normal job. They're in college, whatever. They're trying not to take things too seriously and enjoy their lives and maybe have an escape for a couple minutes, you know, hours, how however they consume us. But really, that's who I think our audience is. Um there's this phrase that people use, I don't know if you like it or not, the manosphere. talking about like male podcasters and internet stars talking to bros about bro things. Uh, do you accept that there is such a thing and are you part of it? I think there maybe is, but it gets I've seen myself lumped in in all sorts of different manospheres. I've seen Barcel Republicans. I've seen stuff that I I would say are inaccurate how they describe us. Um, there's always bros. I mean, I think when you say the word bro, it's somebody who uh, you know, maybe likes sports and wants to get laid, like, which I don't think is a bad thing at all. Um, I think that can sometimes be like shamed recently since I've been doing bar stool for sure. And there I I think the bros don't like being shamed for that. But I think it it's a far more complicated word than just to be like, you know, the revenge of the nerd type guy in the football locker room who's like nerds. Like no, I there's certainly male focused publications. And again, I guess you could say we're one. That's what people say probably because they think of me, but then if you actually look at who we employ, we have just as much of the equal female stuff going on. So, you know, bro, what are they thinking Rogan? They're thinking Theo Vaughn. and I get thrown in that a lot. Um, do you accept it? Are you in that group? We have a male audience like we may feel very differently on on certain issues. So, I think if somebody says, "Bro, what are they saying? You love Trump. I I voted for Trump." It's more an indictment of I would say the Democrats than endorsement of Trump's politics. Um, I'm pro-choice. I think people would say that is not a typical bro uh standpoint. So I think there's certain things I think they think you're Magna. I would say I'm not. Um you know and I don't know that like Rogan is I I think there's intricacies within each person. It's hard to just say well that fan base or that person is all these rules. Do you think that I think it's blunt talk is mostly just saying I I think it's being blunt and more not politically correct like not not caring necessarily what that is. If you want to say that's bro I'm definitely that. I don't care what people think about me. But I guess I just don't think it's as straightforward as what I perceive when people mention me. Has something happened in society that has made men like that more political than maybe they would have been 10 years ago? I would say I I had no plans. If you told me we'd be I I'd be on NPR and in a political leaning podcast like 5 years ago, I'd be like you're crazy. It's something I have no interest in. I've actually I always with Barcel prescribed to the um Michael Jordan like red red states buy sneakers and so do blue states. So we're not in politics. You're in business. Yeah. in politics, you're going to piss half the people off no matter what you say. So, that's a potential customer. Why don't you want them? So, I didn't think I'd be here, but during bar stool, it became increasingly obvious that you couldn't tell jokes and you couldn't do things that I don't think you should be ashamed for or ashamed for. And I felt like that was becoming prevalent. Maybe it's because of Barcel where we consider ourselves a comedy brand and would come under fire for things. So, not and it was on schools, it was in the media and really I felt that that was a something that drove me to probably be a little bit more political. Uh, one of your posts in recent weeks, you talk about your feeling that the political left makes I believe the phrase was normal white guys feel like you're evil or bad or something like that. Yeah, I I'd stand by that. And and there's an element to me that I felt if you're and now this is somebody I started a business from scratch and and really didn't get any help. Moved home, worked, didn't take a vacation day for 10 years and grinded my ass off to get where it is. And I felt that there was I should somehow have shame as being a white person who wants to make a lot of money and live a great life. And that bothered me. And there's different things that happen along the way. Um, that really reinforced it. Like I know you had AOC on. She jumped into uh into my world. I didn't really even know who she was, but we had a rival website way back in the day. Uh, Dead Spin. Hate them. Yeah, they're the they they are they went from being like the most off-the-cuff nonPC website to doing 180. They deleted all their all their history and suddenly they you couldn't say a joke. They apologized for all of it. Anyways, they were going out of business and they had a union and and we do not have a union and I just hate dead spin. So I I did something like, "Hey, the union couldn't stop these guys from losing all their jobs and we pay well and do great." AOC jumped into the fray and tweeted at us, it's like illegal for us not to have unions and threaten unions. Our reaction to that was we created a fake union within bar stool and we were actually playing it like they were fake calling to leak like you'll never believe what Dave is doing and all this stuff. We this turned into a big thing. I had to apologize to the National Labor Relations Board. Um things like that drive me nuts. Like anybody who objectively looked at what we're doing Barcel's like these guys are joking around. You had to apologize. Why? Because uh you because we threatened our we you threatened your employees. I I tweeted out, "As part of the ongoing satire of what we do, uh, anybody who creates a union, I will bust that union to shreds and you'll be gone." And it continued, like she'd say, she'd throw a bar back and weed up the ante. And it was our own people with a union we had created as kind of like a Saturday Night Live skit creating all the issues. So, um, do you think you ought to have a real union? No. No, we definitely shouldn't have a union. You know what? Our union is talent. Like I if if we've made so if I look at the people who have come and gone just briefly like Alex Cooper left Barcel made 70 million from Spotify. I think McAfee got about a hundred million at ESPN. Busting with the boys a podcast just got 60 million from um FanDuel. Also I don't fire people. We pay great. And if you're great, we use a model like a uh I I look at us like a athletic team, right? If you are a great player and we sign you a two-year contract, at the end you'll have the option. You can go get more money because we can't pay you. You stay with us and we pay you. But talent for us, we're in a talent business. So talent pays. There's no We pay well, we do well. If you look at the history of our company, almost nobody leaves. We don't fire anybody. So we absolutely do not a have a union. But I find it interesting all the companies kill us for that debacle. They all have unions and their people all have been laid off and gone out of business. We haven't. We're thriving and have been for 20 years. And people love working for Bartool. So there's this phrase bar stool conservatism. Yes. Which you've heard. Uh I looked up the definition of it on Wikipedia. Uh I'll I'll read you some of the words they have. Bar stool conservatism. ProTrump libertarian. No lockdowns. A co reference. no abortion bans, unwilling to accept liberal social norms, embraces sexual libertinism, uh anti- athoritarian, and lots of fbombs. That's their definition. Yeah, I think mo I think most of those I agree with. So I I guess a question for that would be are they talking about me or are they talking about Barcel? Because if you look at any media organization, unless you're talking about something that's political, we have people all over the place. We have people on the far right. I mean, we have a gay podcast, we have straight podcast, we have sports podcast, girl. So, we're all over the place. So, I don't know that it's fair to to judge the whole company based on what you think the views of me are. Is that a good summary of your view? I I think for the most part it is. I think for the most part it is. Um, you haven't done any fbombs in this interview, by the way. I No, because NPR. Can I do an F? You could do it. You could. We could bleep if you you should express yourself the way you need to. I I feel like I'm speaking freely, but if it comes if it comes to the top of my mind, I'll let it rest. It's available. It's available. Uh let me ask another question. Now, having voted for him, has Trump met your expectations so far? I think he has. I I I think Trump, for the most part, has done exactly what he said he was going to do. Now, people are getting upset at him trying to do what he said he was going to do, but I he has, in my mind, done what he said he was going to do. Like, I had a rant about tariffs. Yeah. Right. Um because I'm in the stock market and I do a show. You lost a lot of money. Yeah. And I lost a lot of money. Um and so I'm going to rant about that. And he had a quote later that it wasn't his stock market. I think it was Biden's. Well, that's garbage. It's yours. Your your your direct statements are causing to go up and down. It's bounced back. Um but I was mad, but I told myself it's like he said he was going to do tariffs. That wasn't like he was hiding that and pulled it out. So, for the most part, I feel like he's trying to do exactly what he ran on, what he got voted for. What do you think about the way he's doing tariffs? I mean, up, down, constantly, up and down. Yeah. So, that that message of the stock market for sure, as he said, I think someone asked him the other day, I he'd say it's a negotiation. Um, and I think it's too early to tell where it lands and how it goes. Uh, and I think I said that one of my rants, it was cut off because people clip everything, but it's like we'll see how it plays out. stock market goes up and down. I you can't kill the stock market. You can't kill the economy with this tariff scheme. But I think Trump would say I'm the greatest negotiator the world has ever seen. Do you suspect or assume, as I think a lot of people do, that somebody on the inside may be making money as he keeps saying things that make the market go up, go down. I always think people are making money on the inside. So yeah, I'm sure people are making money. Does that bother you? It does bother me. But back to AOC, I agree with her that politicians shouldn't be able to trade stocks, period. That that's crazy to me. But I don't think it's unique in a weird way like the Trump memecoin. Like that's so blatant in your face. I'd almost rather have that than like Hunter Biden doing some back deal that I don't know about. So none of it to me is good. But so it's more straightforward to just have a dinner and everybody who's paying me should come to dinner. Yeah. Yeah. Which is what Trump did with the coin. With the coin. Yeah. So again, I don't like it and they are I'm sure making money, but this isn't I I won't sit here and say, "Well, damn." Like Donald Trump's the first president ever to be making money. Like I I think they all do. I don't trust any of them. There probably a lot of your readers that invested in that meme coin and have lost as it go as it's gone up and down. Well, yeah. Memecoins is a crazy world. I actually made money on that one. But uh memecoins to me in in it's a whole different discussion that is you can't cry if you lose money in a memecoin. That's if you went to Las Vegas and put a dollar in a slot machine, pulled a slot and lost and cried. Hey, I didn't know I was going to lose. Like now you may say the public should be protected against that. But meme coins are a dangerous You said you made money on the Trump one on the Trump one. I did. I made about bucks. How'd you do that other than buy low, sell high? Was there something that to it? That's just totally it. Like I think I bought at 24. I went to bed. It was at 75. I said, "Get me out of this." And then I put a mill I I made a million and I put on the Buffalo Bills to win the Super Bowl. So I'm back down even. Yeah. Well, but you had a lot of fun along the way. It was a good ride. Let me ask about another thing in that that that bar stool conservatism definition. Anti- athoritarianism. Does anything the president has done to expand his power or to reach for more power concern you? No, not yet. Um, I agree with a decent amount of what he's trying to do. Uh, I'd have to get a specific example. There could be specific examples where you're like I'm like, "No, I don't agree with this one." But the things I should add on send sending people overseas without court proceedings to give an example is a complicated issue because for the guy and I forget his name the the one that the Maryland the they the they the one with the tattoo Garcia. Yes. Yeah. I think he's a bad guy. Like I don't think he should be the one that Democrats are putting a flag in the stand and being like what are we doing here? Even though they're like well you know his tattoo meant something else. You I think the tattoo they didn't have the actual but I I I think for that to be like your flagship guy where I have the issue. You got to be right 100% of the time. like he I don't have a problem with. But god forbid you and I don't necessarily think you should re go back in time like I don't think if if somebody is a doesn't isn't here legally but they're a productive member of society with no issues I don't think then you go say get out of here. I but if you're you've been committed of a crime or have something and you're here illegally, I don't have a problem with them getting kicked out of the country, I think that's okay. To answer your question, I don't have a solve because how do you do due process with all of them because you'll never get through it because of the time and energy it takes to do that and go through the courts. So, I'm stuck. I don't have an answer for you. You have to be right 100% of the time because you the due process. How do you know? So, I don't have the answer for you. That's No, you're right. You're right. I mean, the court system is slow. It takes years, but you can also churn people and hundreds of thousands of people can get deported every year. It can be done in the system. I I don't think if you have a criminal record or you've done something illegally, I think this guy had a restraining order, his wife, and like and you're not here legally, then you shouldn't be in this country. That that I have no problem with. how to accomplish that higher goal is a little more complicated. Uh Bill Maher, who I think maybe is sympathetic with you in some some of his positions, uh has been very critical of Trump, but went to dinner with Trump and says he told Trump, "You're scaring people." Do you think Trump is scaring people? And does it bother you if he is? He's definitely scaring people. He's definitely scaring people. But he was scaring people. He's been scaring people. How long's he been on the political scene now? 12 years. Uh, in this in this iteration, yeah, he was even doing things before. Yeah. So, I think he's been scaring people throughout. Um, I don't know. Mike, he scares my dad. I've said this many times. My dad is an anti-Trumper. Hates him. Trump derangement syndrome. Um, I I I think the fear is overbuilt. I also think a lot of it there's no way for the toothpaste to go back in the tube. like he scares people. There's no but Bill Maher saying you're scaring people. I don't know what he would do differently at this point in the game to put people at ease. And I don't know that that's his responsibility necessarily to put I mean yeah you want to unite the country and that was my number one thing. What when I said what if you said Dave what is your critique of Trump? I'd say he's intentionally divisive like that that is something you want to bring the country together but man the people who don't like him hate his guts. like they just I feel like he could cure cancer and they'd be like, "Why didn't you get AIDS while you're at it?" You know, I just don't think there's anything he could do that they would give him credit for except him for at this point. That that's his story on that is sort of written and he obviously digs in and entrenches around it. Um part of me I can see in that because if like you come at me I think unfairly like you're going to get I'm not going to try to play nice with you and he doesn't now I'm not the president. It's an obvious difference. When you call your dad, do you talk politics or avoid talking politics? We got to avoid it. We we we maybe will last a minute and and there's just no way he and I will ever see eye to eye on on certain things ever. Um he considers himself the number one Trump expert in the world. He's like, "Davey, I know Trump more than you. I've been following him my whole life and I know things you don't know and he's a bad guy." It just the people who he bothers follow him all the time. Yeah, they're paying attention all the time. Howard Stern quote like the people love me listen for five, the people hate me listen for 10. But yeah, my dad qualifies for that. So my mom will put a stop to it. Um but I'm not one of those guys who sits here like my dad I think really when he got elected he's like the world could not be here in four years. Like he could do something with this much power where we're just not here. I I don't feel that way. I I I think Trump is a rational sane guy. I actually think he's brilliant. Um, but a lot of people hate the things he stands for. They think he stands for Democrats, as you probably know, are asking, "Why are we doing so badly with men? We have this gender gap. Used to work for us with so many women. Now it works against us." They're having focus groups. They're commissioning studies. Uh, what would you tell Democrats to do differently, if anything? There's a lot of things. probably I it goes back to what you said and I don't know if I have the specific examples but I really truly feel like men have been I demonize not the right word I'll use an example of a story um and this was from a dead spin writer who hated our guts and Drew Brees quarterback of the Saints broke I believe it was the touchdown record or the passing record some big NFL stat they stopped the game um and he his family's on the field and he says, "See boys to your to two two kids. If you set your mind to it, you can do anything." There's a big think piece that he alienated his daughter by not including her in that discussion. Boys, boys, he said boys, his daughter was there and was like, "Boys, you can said anything." To me, that you've you've lost the plot of reality. Like, not everything is nearly as serious a as it may seem. And to me again, like guys can say a girl is pretty without being sexist. That doesn't make you a sexist pig. Um, simple things like that, it feels like you have to say in hush circumstances. Again, I everything is blown out of proportion. I And my story probably makes me some of the stuff I've had to deal with. I I'm probably more sensitive to it. But you're talking about accusations that you harassment. Yeah. Harassment never and like we we um a story that people still like the New York Times literally they asked me for a quote about something the other day. I said, "I'd rather put a pencil in my eye than speak to you guys. I don't trust you like at all." And they actually printed the quote which I didn't expect that Dave like we asked him for a quote. He said he'd rather put a pencil in his eye. And then the sentence below was that Dave has admitted to being a racist in the past. That's what they said. What they're referring to is when Black Lives Matter happened, people who did not like me or Barcel went through every post that everything I'd done at this point for 15 years. We had a Super Bowl party that we had Jar Rule and Ashanti performing at. And I do these things uh um emergency press conferences. It's like emergency press conference. You'll never believe who we have at Super Bowl party. I'm gonna sing five songs for you. The lyrics, the first 30 seconds. You guess who it is. One of the songs is five years prior to BLM. Had the nword in it. I sang the lyric in front of the camera on YouTube. Put it on. Didn't think twice really of it. I wouldn't do it again. Um, posted. Nobody said a word in real time. It went five years later. This is what people say. Dave's a racist to me. I wouldn't have done it. But if you can't look at intent on what's being used and and use some rationale that that's bad that like shouldn't like am I a race? Like to for the New York Times to literally be like Dave's a racist because of that incident 20 years of doing stuff to me is wildly disingenuous. I think you're saying I shouldn't have said the word but it wasn't that big a deal or it doesn't say I would never do it again but at different times and even if you want to say Dave is a racist I'm not stupid like I posted this on YouTube like I I didn't realize the impact that it would have on some people I wouldn't do it again but there is there is context to things there's more texture to things and a lot of times I feel like in in this internet age blown out. I mean, that clip still gets used against me. If someone doesn't like me, I hear that every time. Does your story also suggest though, I mean, your success suggests that things are really not that bad for guys? I mean, you did, you've done really well in life. Yeah, I don't know that it's bad. I But it Do you still want to be like demonized for it? No. And I wouldn't say it's bad. Like I don't know that my story though is an indication of anybody else's story. Yeah. There uh was an episode that we don't have to totally recount, but somebody at a bar stool bar Yes. holds up a sign that says, "F the Jews." Uh you had a very strong reaction, which understandable, but over the top almost. What really set you off about that? it was probably building like so I've been doing bar stool for like I said 20 years uh since the conflict in the Middle East the amount of anti-semitism I deal with daily is astounding and growing so it it already caught my attention um the fact that it was so blatant and it got to the point that it actually made it onto the sign in our bar and somebody felt that it was okay to do that that someone put it on the sign that, you know, nobody had a visceral reaction like, "What the hell are you doing?" All really, really, really bothered me. So, uh, I almost film my un unfiltered, candid reactions all the time. I can be watching a sports event. Th this pissed me off to no degree. Um, so I picked up the the phone and made a video of how I felt and it turned into a days long days long episode on the internet. more than that. Yeah. Um, do you think it did any good? I don't know if it did any good. I think it raises attention to it a little bit. I've had plenty of Jewish people come up to me and just thank me. They're like, "Thank you for for saying something." Not enough people are saying something whether it's true or not. Um, so I'm glad I spoke up. It is interesting that you spoke up because you have been a free speech guy. Yep. Uh, in favor of saying what you think. Um, still am. Not necessarily a contradiction in saying you disagree with somebody else's offensive speech, but is there a line you would draw somewhere between what's appropriate? I'm a big free speech. You if you're going to put somebody in danger, like I can't you can't yell like the the classic like bomb in an airport. You can't do that. That that's not free speech to me. This you can yell the Jews or do that where I think a lot of I I would describe them as morons confuse free speech with consequences for free speech. like you can say whatever you want, but there's consequences to what you say. Um, and that could be me airing you out hoping you don't get a job in the future and things like that. So, people seem to confuse those two elements to me. Like, I am fully full speech outside of, hey, I'm going to murder you. That's that's not free speech. That's like that's a threat. That that's different. But saying I don't like Jews. I don't like you either, but you can say it. You started to run for mayor of Boston once upon a time. Yeah, I got screwed. You got screwed? Yeah. What happened? So, you needed 12,000 signatures to get on the ballot. I had a pretty well thoughtout plan because of all the colleges in Boston. I thought I could register them, get to vote. Um, the signatures they can throw out for one of two reasons. You can't read it or they're not registered in Boston. We didn't do this ourselves. We paid a reputable firm to gather the signatures. They got 20,000 of them and somehow only 11,000 of them were alleible. So I I think there was a concerted effort to keep me off the ballot there. Have you thought about running again for something? Every once in a while it's fleeting. I think you can accomplish a lot more in the private sector uh than probably you can in the public. I think we've done a good job bar stool with helping in the private sector raising money at different times. I don't know. I don't trust those politicians. I feel like I go to whatever and really get frustrated with everything. I'm sitting here thinking like you're pro-choice, so you would have trouble running as a Republican in most places. Yeah. I I'd have to be And you're not a Democrat, that's for sure. Yeah. So, I mean, growing up, I would have said I I think Libertarian is probably more where I'd fall. I The problem is the political party. Like I think people are craving what I would say is uh fiscal conservatism and social liberties. I think that is the majority of the country. Actually, I think that party, if that party was like an established party, I think that candidate would be very strong. I think about people in my family that I grew up with whose views are a lot like yours and they're basically Republicans and basically vote Republicans, but they think about it and when you talk with them, you find out, well, this guy voted for Obama once and this guy voted for Clinton. Have you voted for Democrats and would you vote for a Democrat? Yeah, 100% I would vote for a Democrat and I have voted for Democrat. I campaigned for Paul Brown back in the day. Um, and I've said this mindset, what the Democrats lost themselves the election with this whole Biden cover up of of him is I don't know, I call it dementia or whatever it is, cognitive disabilities fading, whatever you want to call it. Yeah. Like I was talking about that for two years. It was, I think, to an intelligent mind quite obvious. And if you said it, you uh uh and not like somebody like me, but like if you that old the interview with like Larara Trump with Jake Tapper where she's he he's like screaming at her for even insinuating it. That type of attitude and the way they handle the election is why they lost. And what drives me to make rants on social media and Instagram is I feel as though the left will look at you with a straight face and say they are the moral clarity, moral compass, moral superiority. And it's like, well, you've been lying for like two years to our faces about this. You may not like Trump. And people always say lies. I think most of his lies tend to be crazy euphemisms. Like if you win a game by 20, you say you won by 100. I think they've been far more honest with the American people. Do you believe he's won all those club championships that he says he's Well, I don't know. Do you think Putin or uh Kim Jong shot like an 18 on a full regulation golf course? So, I mean, he's listen he's a great golfer for his age. He is that. Have you played with him? No, I've seen the clips. I've seen the clips. He would have that was the funniest. And I do find comedy in like politics. That's like the whole golf debate between him and Biden I thought was like some of the best comedy material that we've had in a long time going back. That was the high point of that otherwise low debate and and it was the only thing that Biden really got under his skin about what he said like his handicap. So take the small victories there. You probably know that in surveys most people do not like the direction of the country. It was true last year, it's true this year. Sometimes it goes up a little, sometimes it goes back down. How do you feel about the direction of the country and where we're going? My biggest like I think Trump is doing what Trump's wanting to do. I I want a united United States. And when I say that like people don't hate each other and I do feel like we've lived in a world that there's a lot of hate in this country based on groups, sectors. I I maybe I'm wrong. I've said it probably 10 times during this interview. I do think we're far more alike than we are not alike. Um but it seems like the differences are are what has carried the day for a long time. And if you turn on the TV it or the news it maybe that's always maybe that's the internet age. Sometimes I can't tell like something that you may not even know about gets blown up on social media. But I wish we got along more. That would be that would be kind of what would be my biggest concern as somebody that there's just so much hate. Dave Portoy, it's a pleasure talking with you. Thank you. Thanks for having me.
