<!-- youtube-transcripts/_raw/jacob-elordi-in-love-with-characters.raw.md -->

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JoWBkrxDMEI

Jacob Elordi on Falling in Love With His Characters

Esquire UK
22.6K subscribers

Subscribe

Summarize

417

Share

29,560 views Feb 6, 2026
To mark the release of Emerald’s Fennell’s adaptation of Emily Brontë’s Wuthering Heights, Esquire editor-in-chief Teo van den Broeke sat down with our March-April cover star, Jacob Elordi, to talk about some of his standout roles. From Frankenstein’s monster to Heathcliff, the Australian actor is shattering teen dreams as he embraces (and masters) darker richer roles – and during our discussion, Elordi reveals what he has learned about himself in the process. You can read the full cover story (and see the shoot) on esquire.com/uk now. The March-April issue of Esquire is out 18 February.

There was this one moment we were doing we were doing I think the photo shoot for the poster >> and Kate Bush's song came on and we were stood there in full costume and we' just been sort of wet down and we both looked at each other like >> it was Kathy and Heath Cliffing, >> you know, and and it was this it was just and we were both so chuffed cuz we come from the same place >> in Queensland >> and it was just this moment of like can you can you believe that we're here? My name is Tea Vandenbuker. I'm editor-inchief of British Esquire. And I'm here with our cover star, Jacob Alludi, to talk about his formative roles and inspirations. >> Jacob, thank you for joining us. Um, Weathering Heights. So, your first memory of the book, did you study it at school? What's what was your relationship to it before coming to this film? I think the first time that I experienced Weathering Heights was on stage. This company called Shake and Stir in Australia put on a production of Weathering Heights and I remember lightning and rain on the stage and there was a great suicide in it. I don't know how much it had to do with the actual text, >> right? >> And I remember just thinking it was so rock and roll. this thing that I saw, it was kind of modernized or something. And that was sort of my first brush with it. And then the next time would have been, well, Emerald Emerald text me and um she's she said, "Hey, are you free?" And I said, "Yeah." And then she said, "Do you want to play Heathcliffe?" And I said, >> "That's great." >> I said, "Yeah, >> heaps, you know, >> which was really funny." And then um Margo got me this really beautiful old copy of the book and then I sort of just took my time going going through that and that was my first experience with the actual text which was which was amazing. >> And how how many times do you read a book like that in the preparation process? Is it kind of one and then you think right I'm going to put my own stamp on or do you do multiple readings? Do you >> I think I think I probably I think I read it twice I would say. first time sort of just in one sort of, you know, attempting it in one sitting kind of thing to keep it as cohesive as possible and then then go to the script and then went back and just passages and bits and pieces cuz there is a point where the script is your truth, you know, those 100 or so pages that's that's that's your movie, you know, and there is a point where you can have personal references and things that you sink into your bones and into your blood, but the script is is the truth, you know. So that's the thing that you want to >> because you're not really making this other thing that's a piece of art that's already been made. You know what I mean? >> I mean I guess having someone like Emerald as well who you've worked with in the past and I imagine trust a great deal when you receive something like that you're going to kind of take it as it is right or >> Yeah, absolutely. I mean there the reason I work with people like Cameron Finel is you you basically just put your theater blacks on and go in the room and let them mold you and push you and poke you and and you can trust whatever direction they push you in because whether you love it or hate it, it means something because it's specific. you know, she's a specific artist and >> I'd rather move forward artistically with specificity than to sort of mull around and be indirect and not really have an idea, you know. >> Does she do you have a kind of dialogue? Is it Do you do you feedback or do you kind of take it as it is >> between her and I? >> Yeah. Between you. Yeah. Obviously, you have a dialogue like >> No, no, no. Yeah. I I know when she looks at me if it was terrible. >> Oh, really? >> Yeah. If it was >> Can you do the look? If it was a no, only she only Emerald Fel could do that. Look, after every take she'll either say gorgeous or not. Um, >> I could totally hear. >> But she's she's honestly like she's the most fun person >> to work with that I've ever worked with on a on a film set. She makes me laugh so much. >> Oh, that must be joyful. >> And she's also so clever, >> you know, like sickeningly clever. >> You can see it in the film. Speaking of the source material, there have also been a lot of big actors who have taken on this role. I think there were 14 adaptations, film adaptations last time I counted. >> Um, and that must feel pressurized. Or do you just not pay attention? Do you not look? >> I watched um, uh, Richard Burton's, which was that sort of televised play thing, and I watched >> slightly hand me that one. Right. >> I mean, but it's also it's Wthering Heights. >> Yeah, of course. you know, I watched Ray Fines and I watched Lawrence Olivier's >> M >> and um well, I didn't feel too I wasn't too nervous cuz most of them are dead. >> So, that's true. >> That's true. That's true. But I guess you got Ray and Tom, >> so they won't see. >> Yeah. >> And Ray Fines and Tom. Yeah. That's actually pretty scary. >> Um >> No. Do Do you know what? I get so excited like I'll know immediately when I read something something happens like a little scratch or a tick or something happens in the back of my head or in my stomach and I just can't get over the idea the screenplay and that happened with Wthering Heights. So I knew what I wanted it to be and what it was to me from the first read. So like whilst I can watch all the other movies and interpretations or I don't know read people's essays about it or something, I'm so in love with the idea that I've cultivated from the first read if that thing happens >> that I feel like I feel really comfortable moving forward creatively. Like I don't I kind of go into a I guess like a flow state and nothing else really >> matters just because I really want to I want to do that drawing the way that I saw it. >> Right. Have there been projects where you've not trusted that instinct and you've I mean you don't have to name them obviously but that where you've found yourself in in a situation you just like actually this isn't working. >> Yeah, I've I've had it I've had it a few times where I didn't have that feeling. I didn't have the click. >> And then through, you know, whether it's some Hollywood nonsense or something, you end up having to make the thing. And I find it excruciating personally. Like I really it feels like bones grading against each other and there's nothing I can do to make it work. and then I'll try really really hard and take it really I'll try and you know make something out of it and you realize there's just nothing that you can do which is one of the emptiest feelings in the world creatively obviously this is all like >> quite precious little stuff you know >> no of course but I mean there moments where you look like are you able then afterwards to look at the thing as a as an item of art as you said and think despite that experience I can still value this or does it devalue the whole when that happens. >> I I'm not sure about artistically, but I think personally I always find uh I can always find a way to apply it to the next thing, >> right? >> Whether it's like just getting pie in your face and that's what it is and and being able to not take yourself so seriously or >> yeah, >> you know, learning to take a process less seriously or something. >> But usually I can I can weasle my way out of it. I'm like a salesman of hope >> for my own self. That feels like a cover line for the magazine. >> So I can keep but so I but it's mainly so I can stay interested in performance and in movies cuz I've always said if I don't >> if I don't have performance or I don't have movies like >> I I'll be completely I I'm it like takes my breath away and makes me so nervous. >> So I try to work in a way that kind of ensures >> the longevity of my passion I guess. >> Right. I read a quote, I think recently by Ben Kingsley who said that acting is is a dialogue and it's as incumbent on the the person you're playing to as it is to you. >> And I guess there's no greater dialogue really than Kathy and Heath Cliff, right? That that love story, that >> that depth. How did you and Margot approach that? What was the Did you Did you discuss it before? You must have done >> I I knew her before. we'd worked we'd work work together and that but yeah I mean I think if you if you play there was this one moment we were doing we were doing I think the photo shoot for the poster >> and Kate Bush's song came on and we were stood there in full costume and we' just been sort of wet down and we both looked at each other like >> it was Kathy and Heathcliffeing >> you know and and it was this it was just and we were both so chuffed cuz we come from the same place >> in Queensland >> and it was just this moment moment of like, can you can you believe that we're here? You know, >> amazing. >> And then we'd see the monitor and it was Kathy and Heath Cliff looking back at you. >> Yeah. >> You know, and it just we'll share that forever, I think. >> Let's talk about Frankenstein. So, GM Toro's new take, tell us about it. Tell us about how he sold the project into you. The film itself is very much uh I mean it's a GMO del Toro film and he's called it quite a few times so far. It's it's biographical to his life. It's like a fusion of Mary Shel's book and his own biography >> and then a little bit of something else. And I I was really lucky. I came onto the film maybe 9 weeks before they started production. I got a call from GMO. I was in Australia shooting with Justin Kazelle, this TV show called Narrow Road to the Deep North and I was in the middle of these like very intense prisoner of war camp scenes and I was terribly thin and I didn't feel very positive about making movies. And then I got this email from my agent and he was like, "You have to read this script in like 30 minutes, something like that." And it was it was Frankenstein, >> right? >> Yeah. And what was the how did it feel new to you compared to kind of other adaptations? What was it that pulled you in? >> I had only seen the James Whale film, you know, in passing through my life. I hadn't and I hadn't seen Kenneth Brand's film. I really wasn't that familiar with the sort of Frankenstein film world that much. But it didn't even it didn't matter. There was nothing in the story that needed to bring me in just because I'm such a big fan of GMOs >> and he's the kind of filmmaker that you like you don't really get the chance to work with. It's not something that happens, you know? >> Yeah. >> So, I was in from the moment that you just wanted to have a conversation. >> What was your favorite Gamma film before this one? >> I'll say Pan's Labyrinth cuz that did that like stabbed something into my brain. Um I was so connected to the beauty in it, but also I just had this great fear. All the creatures put this terror in me that I couldn't quite understand. It was uh otherworldly. But the the film that I remember probably watching the most was Hellboy >> because I was the age that that sort of film was made for when it came out. >> Of course, talking about the kind of otherworldliness and the terror. I mean, you're embodying a monster >> and you know there it's a big literary role to take on. >> How do you prepare for something like that? I asked myself the same question cuz I ended up having I had about 3 weeks to get ready before we started filming and it was kind of a the script was this monster of a thing. But I was really lucky in the way that these characters are archetypal originals. There's like a few characters in history that that everyone knows even if you don't know anything about them like like Sherlock Holmes of >> course, >> you know, or Harry Potter, >> you know, or Frankenstein or Dracula. >> Yeah. And um I guess because of that, because there's so much law, all you have to do is kind of like open yourself up to to the process and and just give yourself entirely to it. It's the kind of role that I've wanted to play since before I even started acting because there's so much to absorb and and sort of disappear into, you know. >> Does that make it easy or more difficult to avoid kind of tropes, >> you know, cuz there are very specific ways that that character has been played? >> Yeah. Well, what's interesting, the things that that that are known about the character are actually trademarked to Universal. >> Oh, really? >> Yeah. Um cuz that was that character was based off a different description of the creature and the bolts and everything sort of have nothing to do with anything. >> When I first read GMO script, I understood that it was something entirely different. It it really is an original >> idea. You know, his idea of the creature feels so original. And also there I have like a great curiosity to roles like this because part of your ego or something there's something that you can inject into them that's uniquely yours hopefully you know and you can make a like I can make a personal stamp >> through this kind of universal character. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> And when it's when it's something that's so kind of beyond you right like it's a monster. It's not something that you can see yourself in. I'm sure when you're rewatching it. How do you how do you relate to that when you see it on screen afterwards? >> Before seeing it on screen, I related entirely to it because uh the creature really is like a mirror or a metaphor for every single person in the world. You know, you he has the same, you know, we're all kind of suffering and asking this question to our creator, you know, whoever that whoever that is, like why? >> Like why did you do this? like why you know even if it's in the back of your head or the front of your mind everyone wakes up one day and goes >> okay why yeah you know or or you know I'm a human being god damn it um so I related to it greatly playing it and then the the best part about seeing it on screen is you don't have to worry about any of those little things that you worry about when you see yourself like when you hear your own voice or you see a picture of yourself and you just think oh god Um, I didn't have to worry about any of that. I could kind of enjoy the story. >> Yeah. >> As it is, >> judging it. >> In terms of kind of auditioning for it, was that a a difficult process? What was what was the experience like? >> No, I I um I read the script on like a Wednesday night and then I talked to GMO at 5:00 a.m. the next morning on FaceTime just on my phone. And then I had to wait like nine days or something which was kept hanging >> was pretty excruciating because it also wasn't an audition so you're sort of being judged on how you are >> on how you take a phone call >> right. Oh my god. >> Um >> had you met before? >> No. No. We'd ne we'd never met before. But also I to me the you already sort of won if you just if you get 20 minutes on the phone to talk to an artist that you've respected and loved your whole life. I didn't really need to make the movie, you know. I was just kind of excited to get on the phone with him. >> Yeah. >> Um and then luckily we spoke the same language, I guess. >> And has working with him make you made you want to work with GM Del Toro again? >> Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. We're actually we're trying to we're trying to make another movie now. >> Oh, great. >> Um but yeah, I mean he it's just it's such a great set and he his love for cinema is infectious, >> you know. >> Moving on to another of Emerald's projects, Saltburn. Now, I have to say, you know, I I went to university in 2006, >> and it was a it was a it was a Russell Group University, so not dissimilar. And it was a lot like every track in that film. Every like mate, that's too kind. Honestly, oh my god, this is triggering. >> Um, but it was honestly that performance was fantastic. Thank you, man. How did you get into the character of Felix? How did you embody it so perfectly? >> I think in Australia our our kind of private school system crossover is pretty similar, >> right? >> Um, and I went to school in Melbourne in an affluent area and I had no business being at this school. So I was a kind of my friends and I that went to the school all kind of had no business being at this school. So we were kind of observers of the rowing team and and things like that, you know, and the cricket team. And the real kind of if the character sort of really settled in, I came and lived in Chelsea >> for sort of 4 weeks before filming just to kind of take the edges off the accent and make sure that I was doing it properly. And I was at a point with the script where I was like, "This sounds like a caricature." Like I'm I sound like I'm doing a silly little bit. And then I went into uh I went to buy some beers and the guy in front of me had, you know, he had a polo sweater tied around his neck and a polo shirt on and and he had his little like boat shoes on, you know, with the pink socks or something. And he goes, he goes, "Do you have any pins?" And then she goes, "Yeah." Yeah. And he goes, "Lash." Like it just rolled from the back of his throat. And when I heard that lush, it was exactly the way that I'd been saying it, thinking it sounded stupid. >> Right. Okay. >> And I just ran home and started repeating it, repeating it, repeating it. And that's sort of the day that it landed. And that's where those like long fans and stuff like that, you know. And then Emerald, like she just knows >> that world and people so well >> that she could give you a read. That was just spot on. >> If I if I if I'd met you when you were researching, I would have told you to look at the blog spot my [ __ ] red trousers. God, I can already see it. I can already [ __ ] >> so perfect. There a lot of Felixes in that. >> Yeah. There was also a lot of What's that show you guys have? Is it made in Chelsea? >> Oh yeah. Oh jeez, that's so good. >> We could do a whole podcast about it. >> Yeah. >> Um, when you were making Salt Van, did you did you have a sense at that time that it was going to be such a phenomenon that people were going to connect with it in such a way? >> No. No, but I I was a we were all aware that it was an incredibly special summer. >> Like it was one of those moments where you're on summer holiday and you know you're on summer holiday and you and it also is that point where you >> you know that childhood's about to end. There's there was something about that summer that was specifically like that. >> You know, the location that we were at, it was all practical. We all had so much fun and we were all sort of the process was so easy and sort of wild and alive. >> Um, it was one of those things where the the set felt like the film, right? >> You know, the world felt like that narrative and the Christmas party and all that kind of stuff. It felt like that. Yeah. >> So, I think we were aware we were aware of how how special the the process was going to be in the long run. >> Yeah. Did you did did you kind of pull from your own pull from your own experience for that feeling? Cuz you're so right. It's such like a you're on the precipice of >> Yeah. >> of adulthood. >> Yeah. >> And that joy and and vision and belief, but also the kind of knowledge that that will end. >> Totally. Yeah. I mean, most definitely. And I was probably 20's wise when I was making that film and career-wise kind of at a point where I was starting to get older and move on from a certain kind of movie. And >> um but I also have I have a terrific nostalgia for childhood, >> you know, and I'm I've always been conscious since I was small of moments ending like well before they do, you know. I kind of watch moments and feel like they're ending as they're happening kind of >> which is very well >> which is sometimes like stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop just enjoy it >> like come down from a miles >> bark yeah exactly exactly >> I did I just wanted that made me think the nostalgia point like I think there is so much nostalgia and maybe there always has been but I feel like we I I feel it quite acutely at the moment in terms of the amount of um what they called uh re-releases and um sequels and you know the music that people are into and the trend cycle that we see. Do you think nostalgia is the enemy of creativity or do you think it's something to be embraced? I think nostalgia as content might be the end of uh creativity, but for me personally, um creativity and imagination and any kind of valuable art to me that I like to make and that I take in is so deeply rooted in childhood and in nostalgia and in little wisps of memory and c because all my all my favorite formats and mediums like photography and film, they're all snapshots of moments that are gone, >> you know, like a frame that's already in the past before you've, you know, taken the frame. It's already in the past. And so there's an inherent nostalgia attached to cinema, >> you know, but I think when it's nostalgia based off of something that was totally capitalistic at the time and then you bring back that, you know, now and it's just for the sake of making money and it's not for the sake of remembering, then it probably is pretty harmful to creativity, I'd imagine. >> No, that's a very interesting take. We should talk about Priscilla. Uh that was your first and only time working with Sphere Coppler thus far. >> Yeah. >> Um can you can you tell us >> you don't get lots of those? >> No. >> As a young man >> unless you curse as Exactly. >> Um what was the experience like? What did it teach you about what you do? >> I loved working with Sophia. For me in terms of a lesson learned, it was you can be so specific and so laidback at the same time. It doesn't your specificity does not need to be a torture or a torment. Um, she's so easygoing and gentle in her in her style of making films. I remember when we were shooting, >> I'd send her a bunch of emails like I was really concerned about how he was going to look and what I needed to do. And she would kind of be like, "Oh, it's okay. Don't worry." Okay. >> And I was like, "Okay, that's okay. Okay." And then I'd get off my laptop and I'd be like, "Don't worry. What do you mean? I have to look like bloody Elvis Presley in, you know, 3 weeks. >> It's quite a lot to worry about." And then anyways, we ended up getting to it and I stepped out for the screen test and she goes, >> "Oh, it really looks like him." And she she was just so pleasantly surprised. >> Wow. >> That it worked. But I think that's where that's her genius is she knew it was going to work, you know, and she knew the film that she was going to make and she knew every frame. she knew what the feeling needed to be and she's just so um sure, you know, >> and I guess trusted you as an actor to be able to embody that role without which is so crazy because I hadn't >> I'd only made Euphoria at that point and I think that's a sign of a great director is like that she could we just had breakfast at the Beverly Hills Hotel and then 3 weeks later >> there was some audition sides and it just said Elvis at the top and I went kidding. Wow. >> You're joking. Please not >> really. >> Yeah, because I was like because you want to work with Sophia Copelan more than anything. >> And then she asks you to play Elvis Presley and you're like anything but. >> Is that because of the weight of the >> I think so. the weight of the expectation and I'm not a singer nor a dancer and right >> now I'd be a little more comfortable with it because I've managed to >> hit some of the big ones, you know, character-wise, but I think at the time I was so nervous, but there was no there's no way that you could turn it down. You just have to kind of face it head on. in terms of preparing for the role again the weight of responsibility did you in terms of how he kind of interacted with the world and his way of thinking like how did you how did you embody that how did you how did you study it well I tried to personalize it a lot as well when I sort of when you think of him as as the kind of original boy in the bubble and I have my own kind of experiences with with those sort of pressures of those kinds of things and so you can kind of personalize it internalize it and And I I I remember it was a while ago now, but I remember just trying to think, you know, what is I watched these tour videos of him and he he you'd watch him walk on stage and you watch the whole performance and then you'd watch him sort of stumble down the stairs off stage and he'd see his boys and put a smile on and then you get in the car and say something super crass and and manly, but it sounded like such a shield. And then he gets out of the car when he gets back to Grayson and the door closes and then there's no more footage. You know, I was wondering what for this movie, for Priscilla, what does it look like once the door of the Cadillac closes and he walks by himself into Gracand and or if they all come inside with him when he leaves them and goes upstairs, >> what does it look like when his bedroom door closes? How does your voice change, >> you know, how does your body change? And and I have I had some liberty there because there it's the one place you don't ever see him. Of course. >> You know, >> my final question, Jacob, is in the process of making films, and we're talking from, >> you know, getting the script, maybe doing the audition through to promoting it, >> stuff like this. >> What's the bit, what's the bit where you find the most joy? >> The moment after you've read the script, talk to the director once or twice, and then hopefully, my preference is like 6 months. in that six months where you're you're kind of downloading everything and you're in the you're like the detective with the red string going from this song to this photo of this thing to to Bigfoot which then takes you down to here and then you start learning about this and learning about that and somehow what starts to happen is after about 3 weeks 3 or 4 weeks you start going outside and the color of a flower feels like something that's said in this line or you'll go into a cafe that you wouldn't usually go into and there's a song playing that makes you feel exactly like the beginning of the story and and all these wonderful little sort of explosions start to happen like your synapses just start firing and whether that's actually some kind of manifesting creative process thing or if it's just your observation widens your curiosity deepens but that that moment is when I feel the most excited and then you have to go make the film. And that's like terrifying because then you're like, "Oh no, every single one of those explosions was a stupid coincidence and I should not have pursued how a cheetah walks for so long, you know, or something like that." So definitely, but definitely that pre the prephase when you're alone and you're you're building and shaping this this thing, >> that kind of luxury, seeing the possibility. >> Yeah. And it's on your time and there's not you're right in the middle of there being a time crunch. So, it's just you can kind of float in and out of it. >> Great. >> And Jacob, thank you so much for joining us. >> Thanks very much, man. Cheers.
