<!-- youtube-transcripts/_raw/jacob-elordi-deep-north.raw.md -->

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28qRgFEzbFI

Jacob Elordi Q&A | Frankenstein & The Narrow Road to the Deep North – Full Conversation

The Movie Buddy
5.07K subscribers

Subscribe

Summarize

180

Share

6,524 views Premiered Oct 30, 2025 LOS ANGELES
Join Jacob Elordi for an exclusive Q&A where he discusses his powerful performances in Guillermo del Toro’s Frankenstein and the emotional limited series The Narrow Road to the Deep North. Elordi opens up about the filmmaking process, working with visionary directors, and what drew him to these challenging roles.

💬 Topics include:
• Bringing Frankenstein to life on screen
• Behind the scenes of The Narrow Road to the Deep North
• Collaborating with acclaimed filmmakers and cast
• Character preparation and emotional depth in both roles

[applause] How's it going? >> Hey. [applause] >> Just got handed a hot mic. So, how's it going? Thank you so much for uh for being here. I've been talking about a different movie for the last like five months or so. Frankenstein is a uh [laughter] No, but really it means a lot. Uh this this show that I got to make with Justin Kzelle is probably the thing that I'm most proud of in my whole sort of life as an actor and it was a dream to work with him since I was 14. and I think he's uh I think he's one of our most important uh filmmakers and artists and I think this show was outrageously undervalued. Uh so I'm really happy that you're here and uh all I will say is it works as a memory piece. Uh so if you can watch all of it because I know they're only showing one episode today, it won't make a lot of sense unless you watch sort of the whole thing. I think it has the its effect works with it sort of like totality of the whole show. Um, but yeah, it was a labor of love and I'm uh I'm uh I'm really really really proud of it. So I uh I thank you for being here and I I hope you enjoy it. [applause] [clears throat] He is a BA and actor award nominee. He's having a great year. Um, you can catch his stunning turn in Frankenstein in theaters now. Still, I doubt even his biggest supporters were prepared for his beautiful, stunning work in the narrow road to the deep north. Please join me in welcoming Jacob Lordy. [applause] [applause] Hi. >> How are you? >> Good. Good. Thank you so much for being here. >> Good night. >> I don't know if you could hear all the nice things I was saying about you, but you're having a great year. Oh, just >> you know after this they can go see Frankenstein work. >> We've seen him >> ago. >> Yeah. Three times. >> Twice. Come on, baby. [applause] in theaters. >> I'm in love with the feature >> in the cinema. >> Yes, in the >> Come on. >> People People are actually going to theaters. >> You were great. >> Thank you very much. >> I'm actually jealous that people got to see this like on a on a screen in a theater here because it's such a beautiful series. >> It is. It is. It's It's doomed to be on your television. [laughter] >> But it holds up on TV. That's the great thing. It really does. Yeah. Like story above all. >> Yeah. There's a real poetry to it, I think, which which I'm really proud of. >> That's what I said. I said this series is like a poem and I meant that as a compliment. Yes. >> Cuz that can also be code for like >> boring. >> That's exact. If someone says slowburn, get worried. >> No. Yeah. I hope it's not too much of a slow burn. And I think >> where it is slow and where it does burn is is where the sort of every play of the piece pays off in the fifth episode. >> Yeah. It's beautiful. >> It works as one thing. You know what I mean? >> And I know this is based on an acclaimed novel by Richard Flanigan. Was it a story you were familiar with or did this come to you as a series? >> I I wasn't familiar with it. I was familiar with uh with Justin Kosell who directed all five episodes. He is an extraordinary filmmaker and he made this movie when I was 14 called Snow Town and I don't know if anyone here has seen Snow Town. It's a sort of quite a small uh Australian film, but it is [ __ ] excellent. And if you have the time, go home and get that movie and watch it because >> it's on Tuby right now. >> It's on Tuby. >> You know, GM always goes >> on. But it I watched that movie when I was maybe 15 and it was so guttural and and searing and it just burnt itself into my brain. And uh my whole life uh sort of growing up wanting to be an actor, I wanted to be in a Justin Kazelle movie. And then I think maybe two years ago now, I got the email from Justin with uh with a letter saying that he wanted to work together and then a copy of the book. And that was the first time >> I had read the book. And it just so happened that >> the it was it's my top three sort of favorite books I've ever read. >> Cuz we were talking earlier about how I assume all Australians know each other. There's just like, you know, a club you hang out in to watch Crocodile Dundee or something. But but you had never met that was such a dated reference. >> Lots of beers. >> Fosters, right? >> No. >> Do you know they make Fosters in Los Angeles? >> Yeah, I did. I know that real Australians hate Fosters. >> You don't hate it. It just tastes like [laughter] [clears throat] >> Yes. >> There's an old Monty Python joke. I don't know if it's really worth it. Oh, it's it's uh it's like having sex in a boat. It's [clears throat] effing close to water. >> It's exactly right. That's [laughter] absolutely right. Yeah. >> And they definitely said effing. >> So, did had you had any communication with him? He just reached out to you out of the blue cuz >> No. No, I hadn't. I had um I had trying to think what I had even what I was doing at that at that time. It was around the same time that I got the uh I got given the role in Priscilla. So, there were working with Sophia and working with him kind of over overlapped each other. And so it was just like and from that point to now has just been an explosion of excitement that I can't really contain or comprehend. >> I mean this has everything because it's a beautiful story. It's so well made and you're working with amazing people. But in general what attracts you to a project? Is it the story itself, the character, the people? >> For me it's just is the filmmaker. I'm I'm a uh as I'm sure everyone is here. I'm madly in love with the movies and I've been since I remember uh uh my grandmother's TV kind of glowing uh as I was fiddling with something over here. I I've been enamored by by moving pictures and by the whole world of of of cinema. So for me it's always filmmaker first because they're the people that I trust to facilitate and continually um breathe life into that dream and that thing that I've loved. since I was since I was small. So when when Justin Kzelle writes, it doesn't matter what the script is to me or Paul Shrader or or Sophia Copel or Emerald Finanel. If they give you something and they give you the opportunity to play in their uh in their creative vision, in what they see for for a movie, I I'll always always say yes. I just want to be in service to to those uh to those artists. Did he have any idea that you were a fan of his or was that just a happy coincidence? I mean, you want to play it cool, but at the same time, >> I think it was a happy coincidence because he he works closely with Shan Grant who wrote uh who wrote Narrow Road and they were coming up with a with with Dargo and they didn't really know who could play him younger and Shawn had just seen Euphoria and he said to the producers, he said, "What about uh what about Jacob?" and they asked if he could do it in an Australian accent. How's his accent? And then Justin said, "That's the best part." >> Really? >> Yeah. So, this was at a time when people didn't really know if I was Australian or American. >> Yes. >> And then just by chance, I happened to be Australian >> and [laughter] fit the description, I think, sort of quite well. And um and yeah, so he wasn't he wasn't familiar with maybe maybe with Euphoria, but not not in the way I would have liked him to be familiar with my work. [laughter] >> I mean, I'm actually trying to think, have you ever gotten to use your accent on Well, this isn't your accent, is it? I mean, it's Australia, but different. >> It's different. I mean, there's there's a period to it, and there's a poetic quality to Dargo, which sort of comes through in the book in a lot of ways. So there is a I can't really talk the way I talk in this because it would seem a little bit out of place I think. But this is the second time I've worked with my accent. The first time was with Stephan Elliot who um directed Priscilla Queen of the Desert. He directed this film called Flamable Children with Kylie Manog and Guy Pierce and Asha Ketti when I was 17 on the Gold Coast and I played a lifeguard that just wore a red speedo [laughter] and I I think I had two or three lines >> as I was sleeping with the whole town [laughter] >> in the in the context of this like 70s swinger film. So that was my first foray into Australian cinema. And then I actually did something with Paul Hogan. >> You really did? You met Crocodile? I met Crocodile. >> We do know each other. I knew it. >> I met him in Malibu and we talked about sharks and beer and um and then this so this would be technically the third thing, but really it's the first time that I've was able to perform at home. It's something that I, you know, really cared about and really felt like was an important part of of our our cinema at home. >> That's the thing. It's a very I mean it's a universal story but it's very Australian. There must be like it must be really cool to get to do that. >> It is. It is. And this particular this particular story I mean the the the author Richard Flanigan who wrote the novel his father was on the Burma Railway and this is about his father and a lot of those men and and the writer Shan Grant his grandfather was on the Burma Railway. So, it's something that kind of really closely affects uh our country and a lot of people have lived with the sort of uh the shadow of this war looming over them. Um, and the uh the Australian effort in in World War II isn't isn't sort of greatly documented in any real way. Um, so it was it was really nice and it was really nice too not to just make a war movie, you know. It was nice to make something that was actually about um love and and memory and how we remember. And uh I think that Justin did an amazing job of stitching the whole thing together so that it almost feels like like you're in a a fever dream, you know. >> I'm curious about that because it um I don't know how much out of sequence you shot, but you know, you're kind of playing two different roles here. You're playing in pre and postwar and There's two different people. Technically, there's three of them. I don't know if you talked to Kieran Hines at all about uh you know mimicking each other in in any way. >> No, no, we didn't. I mean, yeah. So, we shot I shot Doro pre-war um in like November, December, and then we broke for six weeks, six or seven weeks to lose. I'd already started losing weight and then we shot pre-war and then we had seven weeks to go into a boot camp and we all sort of stopped eating and >> did like a training program and lost all the weight and then by the time we came back from that seven weeks we basically got in those train cars. We got driven to those train cars and they didn't show us the set and they opened the doors and started filming and we were in the death camp and Justin would do these extraordinary 20 minute long takes. He had built the he built the death camps like a like Shakespeare's round. So there was something happening in each corner of the camp and he would play the screenplay different scenes from the screenplay at different times. We weren't really there wasn't really a shooting schedule. And Sam Chip, the DP, he would just roam around with the camera. So, you'd start a scene over here for five minutes and then he'd let you sort of improvise and walk around and then I'd walk over to the medical tent and the background would already be in there sort of dealing with some wounds and and we would pick up a scene there. And so somehow in these extraordinarily long takes, Justin got what he needed and pieced together this thing, but it was always alive. It was never like a movie set where you were stopping having a cappuccino. Like you were you were in the mud the whole time, >> not checking your cell phone between >> No, there was no phones. There was no reception. There was less. They had built this >> like like Dante's hell. They had built this mud pit. Um, and we were sort of controlled by the guards and and that's where we stayed and and and uh and you know we did sort of five weeks of of that sort of intensive which was incredible because it's not even remotely close to the real experience. But everybody's um earnestness uh and sincerity toward trying to tell the truth was was uh was so so inspiring and everybody everyone from the grips to the actors to producers everybody was in that mud pit and uh you know trying to make it as as sort of true as possible. I mean, I have to imagine that all of that helps you as an actor, you know, to be in those costumes, to be in that immersive atmosphere. And I I know it's acting, but at the same time, you know, you're putting your body and your mind through a lot going to these places, you know. Was it challenging? Do you have a way to decompress at the end of the day? >> Um, I don't I don't know. I'm torn between two things. I'm torn between uh Lawrence Olivier saying, "Have you tried acting darling?" And then I'm torn between Daniel Day. Lewis saying, "If I can only be Lincoln >> Yeah. >> for 6 months that I'm going to be Lincoln every single day." You know, and I think I live somewhere in the middle of those two things. Um, I try to my life my life is in the movies and my truth is on the screen and I try to go to that place and get to that place every time that I play something because it's the only way I can really scratch this itch that I have at the back of my head. But at the same time, I'm aware that it is only acting. So the I think it for me it's incredibly cathartic going to those places. So in going to that myself is actually how I decompress. If that makes if that makes sense. It's like it's like going into one of those break rooms and smashing everything and setting things on fire. Like that's what the creative process feels like for me. I go into a glass palace and I smash it down and I set fires and I piss on the walls and then I come out of it and I'm able to understand the world better and exist in it better and I actually feel really calm after I've sort of put everything in into this one uh thing, you know, in the hope of of achieving some kind of a communal uh artistic goal. I guess >> I mean it probably is really cathartic. Um and also you're not eating so you're probably really tired. >> Really? >> Yeah. Yeah. It looking back on it it's kind of it's like a memory piece for me because I just like I remember moments of great agony. I remember moments of just like crying laughing on the floor at my mom as she tried to like feed me. Um and I remember like smacking the food out of her hands. Um [laughter] yeah the whole thing is uh It's confusing to me because I was so sort of hungry. >> I mean, moms are always trying to feed us, but I bet specifically in this case, she was like, "Come on." >> I remember we had so many conversations where she was like, "Jacob, you like you have a job. Like, you can stop. You act now. You don't need to keep going like this." And I was like, "Dude, we had Yeah. >> I mean, whatever you're doing works, so I I have no criticism, but um I I do think it's cool, though. If I have this right, you broke just in time for Christmas. That's when you stopped eating. >> Yeah. >> That's so mean. >> Yeah. [laughter] >> Yeah. It was tough because Christmas, I'm sure it's the same in America, but for us, it's like ice cream cake and ham and uh every sausage sizzle and steaks and bread and and Yeah. >> No, I'm kidding. >> I didn't do any of those. I didn't get We didn't We didn't get to have any of that. I think I had water. Please tell me you didn't go from shooting this into Frankenstein or vice versa. >> Yeah. >> No, >> I did. I did. We were in >> a romcom or something. >> We were in the We were in the death camps shooting this about halfway through. So, we had I had maybe three or four weeks left of filming and then a very impatient GMO del Toro. Uh I got an email from from him and and it was for Frankenstein and I was like, "Oh no." cuz I was like at the end of my uh sort of tether. I didn't The whole point was we were supposed to build our bodies back in a sort of safe way after filming. was supposed to go into a program once we finished and I was like, "I'll read the script on the weekend." I think it was a Wednesday and I got an email. I was like, "You need to read the script in the next hour." >> And I was like, "Oh, okay." And this isund and something pages. >> Like my eyes are like blurring at this point. And um I read the script and it was one of the most beautiful things ever. And then I think I had to get up at 5 the next morning before work to talk to GMA on a FaceTime. And then we talked about the movie and I had six excruciating days waiting to hear if I was going to be able to be the creature or not. And then on the sixth day they said that you will play the creature and that you need to go uh get your body scanned on your weekend off from the death camps, finish shooting, and then when you finish shooting, fly to Toronto and start pre-production on Frankenstein. And um it was such it was such a blessing. I got to I have this thing which sounds a little dicky but I um I I wrote it in my Frankenstein journal and it was I this is probably the most sort of uh fully kind of full sort of band that I've played I think in in my short career. And um he kind of dies at the end of this whether it's spiritually or physically. He he he lives a full life and then he dies. And I had this feeling that I I died as Dargo and my body was at its most depleted and I was able to kind of be reborn into the creature which was if you've seen the film is infantile and nubile and I actually got to build my body back physically because we shot Frankenstein pretty much chronologically. I got to I watched my body change in the prosthetics as the creature grew up and got his coat and ate food with the old man. I watched myself kind of expand and grow and feel stronger. So I I weirdly for for me these two this and Frankenstein will always be um intertwined. And whilst I only had four weeks to get ready for Frankenstein, I also think the year that I spent prepping this and the nine weeks that I spent shooting it >> were all sort of part of getting ready to to play this this other thing, you know. So, it was kind of divine the way it all timed out. >> It was You spent a year prepping for this. Was that Did you always know you'd have a year or was it a matter of things getting postponed? >> Yeah, because we didn't have a script when when Justin offered me. he just we had the book um and he asked if I wanted to sign on to the book and I said absolutely and um so then for a year him and Sean would write scripts and then send them to me and I'd write back and then we go back and forth and so I had a I had that whole time to sort of start cutting cutting weight and and cutting the world away a little bit and trying to figure out how I could best exist in this sort of time period in this character because he's quite different to how I am. I'm much more um jittery. Um so so finding that stillness [clears throat] and curating the way that I lived in a way that I could play it believably without feeling like I was playing this soldier, you know. >> Well, that's something I'm curious about because this is a character who's who's very eternal in many ways and there are times when he doesn't say much. Um and that's really hard as an actor. Actors love to use their words. >> I love to talk. [laughter] Look at me. Look at me. Look at me. Look at me. But did you welcome that in a way or did you find it challenging or both? >> I welcomed it. I I really welcomed it. Um cuz I'm the kind of person that as most people are, I think you go home after a social interaction like today I'll go home and I'll sit in the bar and I'll be like why did I speak so why did you say that? Why did you you know? So to be able to actually start to live like him in my real life, I became quieter and I wouldn't go home and have those conversations because I was really proud of how I presented myself. But um the the coolest part of him for me was he reminded me so much of my father. Um like so so so much. She's a blend of the poetic and sort of emotional side of him is very much me and the sort of stoic, quiet, enduring, stonelike side of him is my dad. And I got to essentially be my dad and when I watch the show back, I can see my dad really >> in so many moments which is really quite special for me. >> That's amazing. Um, everyone in this cast is fantastic, but obviously so much of of it hinges on your chemistry with a desk, which is so wonderful as baby. Um, I I think chemistry is such a weird thing because sometimes it's there and sometimes it's not. Sometimes you can hate each other and it's still there. >> Was there any kind of like a an early chemistry read or were you ever put together before showing up on set? >> No. No. I mean, well, no. Yes. Yes. I'm trying to think. Karen Karen and I didn't meet. Kier and I met on like the last day and we high-fived and >> like passing the door. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And Justin just knew that we had a similar gaze or something like that. But with this we actually had we had a twoe period of rehearsals >> which was like this. It felt like I was with John Cast. Like Justin put us in a room with a couch and a bunch of coffee and a rug and we just ripped the script up and rewrote it and played different versions of it and and lay with each other and and talked and looked at each other and we we immediately knew that we wanted to be a part of the same process. Odessa Young is I think she's probably one of the greatest living actors that we have. She is so so good and she's been good. She did a film in Australia called The Daughter which came out before I even made movies and she is a freak of nature. Um you know um so I think we both came into this knowing what Justin Koal makes, knowing how we wanted to fit into his world. Um and knowing the kind of performance that we we both want to do the same kind of uh performance. We both want to find something different and hopefully achieve something that's sincere and feels mostly real and is charged with some kind of electricity. So, um, and then Justin gave us the opportunity to do that. He doesn't change the lighting. He doesn't change the lens. We we when we were shooting, he would put us in a room together and put the camera on a table and just tell us to play and we would be able to play for 20 25 minutes trying the scene this way or that way. I I don't want to spoil anything for people haven't seen the whole series, but um you [clears throat] know you you're I was going to say you're replaced. Kieran Hines takes over your role. Um what was it like when you saw it for the first time? Because you you don't know what they're shooting. I mean, you know the story, but like it's so emotional like even if even if that wasn't me playing that character. I mean, I was a mess, so I can only imagine how you felt. Well, it felt it actually felt like the closing of the of the whole thing because I barely read I think I read Kieran's sections of the script maybe three times and then just sort of left it because I that's my future. It has nothing with the present. Um, and it broke my heart to see how much sadness, just the shots of him sitting at his writing desk and looking out the window and hearing the birds and then Justin's brother Jed in the school lapsed the birds in from the jungle and realizing that no matter what, those memories will never leave him. The memories that I experienced will never leave him. And then Justin did this amazing shot at the end where Doro goes, young Doro goes in the jungle and he looks up and old Doro is looking at him and it's still like to this moment gives me chills to to see that enduring trauma and to see it articulated in such a sort of moving way and then also to see that Justin was right. The way that Karen looked at the ocean is the same way that I looked at the ocean. And the fact that we didn't talk about that, that it wasn't discussed, that we weren't trying to mimic each other's voices or walks, the fact that it was uh we had this, we naturally had the same understanding of the material and the longing in the material. And to to know that Justin knew that before we filmed to be a part of something like that is is a really uh a really moving thing. >> That's amazing. Um I also actually, for lack of a better word, chemistry. Uh your fellow prisoners of war. Um I bet you probably helped each other get through some of those tough days. But >> yeah, I mean I'll I'll love each of them deeply for a really long time. Justin took us, we did a lot of uh Justin gave us a manifesto of things to do before we started filming. So, we spent a lot of time together, gone to museums and things like that. And uh we all had a beer the day before we started filming and Justin got us in a circle and he said, "You know, this is going to be it's going to be painful, but it's going to be incredibly rewarding. And I I promise you, you will all have an experience with each other that's kind of beyond the normal human experience of friendship. And and it'll be something that you carry with you for life. And to this day, I can't see one of those boys without sort of we'll cry before we see each other or or if I watch the show or see something from the show when Dor has to pick 100 men in certain three and four just I can't not have a full body sort of reaction because it's true as well. That's the that's the worst part. The show doesn't touch half of it, but this is all real. You know, these are real people and it's and it's real suffering and it endures, you know. >> And I'm always curious about like your most challenging or scene or moment because sometimes you think it's going to be something like that and other times it's scene where you have to walk in a room and like put a glass down that you just can't get right. What What was your biggest challenge on you know how many weeks did you shoot? Nine weeks. >> Something like that. bloody remember now. But the moment that still makes me laugh when I see it is there's a there's a moment it might be in the second or third episode where the boys all steal some steak from the Japanese kitchen and they give it to Dgo as a gift and he doesn't want to accept the gift because he wants to ration the food and they won't take no they won't take that. And we're all sitting at a table and Justin who's a big bearded sort of intimidating gentleman when he wants to be was sat right in front of me. And we done the scene and I was doing the kind of dargo thing like saying nothing and pushing it away and being very subtle and understated and he said he's like cry and I was like what? And he was like cry at the steak like this is the first piece of meat you want more than anything you need to cry. He's like this this steak needs to be what breaks you. I was like, "Well, I actually think Justin that [laughter] I think that he actually breaks later when Amy and this and then when his best friend dies. I think all that trauma is when he we should break once. We shouldn't break the whole time." And and Justin's like, "Fucking cry. >> Cry every [ __ ] thing. Cry over the steak. You can't." And then he poked the boys and they started being like, "Just eat the steak. Just just cry. Just eat the steak. Why won't you cry over the steak? What? You can't [ __ ] act." And he was like, "You're coming here with all these big ideas anymore." And then I was like, "I don't want that [ __ ] steak." I sn the steak away and I was so angry and I walked off. I slumped down and sat in the sat in the mud for a bit like and then we were watching the show and then there's this moment where hits the thing and all this su bur of his neck throws the thing and I went and Justin looked looked over and he was looking at me and he went and so so it was this incred this moment where I was like I'm done with this. Bro, he's wrong. I know I'm right. And he was he was right because he's a great director and I'm stupid little actor. But that to me is the I remember that because there's a there's something amazing that happens when you're wrong. >> You know, you're so afraid of being wrong all the time, especially in performance when you show up and you're putting yourself in the line. You don't want to be wrong. So, you're preparing a way that you can't be wrong. And and it's such a cliche, but the most ful things happen when you let yourself be wrong and when you realize that you are wrong and that there is something bigger than your sort of great ideas happening that there is you know there is other things that you have missed you know >> also it sounds like Justin's just always right every single time >> he is deeply sensitive artist and I mean I I I hope I get to be in his sort of cinematic world for a long time because he is he's arguably my favorite filmmaker a lot.
