<!-- youtube-transcripts/_raw/jacob-elordi-transform.raw.md -->

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMC16W0FKEw

Jacob Elordi talks FRANKENSTEIN, EUPHORIA, WUTHERING HEIGHTS, SALTBURN, dogs, and Heath Ledger

Josh Horowitz
187K subscribers

Subscribe

Summarize

2.9K

Share

98,949 views Nov 6, 2025 Happy Sad Confused
Jacob Elordi is not anyone's idea of a monster but he's playing the most iconic of creatures in Guillermo Del Toro's Frankenstein, and he's earning the best reviews of his stellar career yet! Here he joins Josh to chat about EUPHORIA, SALTBURN, the upcoming WUTHERING HEIGHTS, Heath Ledger, and being a crazy dog dad. #happysadconfused #joshhorowitz #jacobelordi

worst not a director has ever given you. >> What are you doing with your mouth? Stop doing that. It looks stupid. >> I've worked with him for like seven years. [laughter] >> All you reaction, Sam. >> Okay. [clears throat] All right. >> But but you know what? He was right. [laughter] It looked really stupid. >> Prepare your ears, humans. Happy, sad, confused begins now. Hey guys, it's Josh. Welcome to another edition of Happy, Sad, Confused. Another first time guest. We're on a run lately. We got a lot of first- timerrs. We often have the repeat guest. Today, Jacob Awardy, one of the hottest young actors on the scene joining me to talk about everything from The Kissing Booth, Euphoria, and of course, Frankenstein. Um, thanks guys, as always, for checking out the pod. This is this is a really I won't say this was a surprise, but I didn't know what to expect from Jacob Awardy. And boy, did he deliver. Not only in performance in Frankenstein, but in this conversation, I really gained so much more respect even than I already had for him because um he's just a true I don't know. He loves this stuff. He loves acting. He loves film. He clearly lives and breathes this stuff. And I can always vibe with someone like that. So, you're going to dig this one. I dug it. Um, before we get to Jacob, uh, reminder of course, check out our Patreon where you get all the early access and discount codes and autographed merch and so much cool stuff. patreon.com/happy saday confused. Um, we are publishing so many cool episodes right now. So there's more more stuff there than ever to be honest. And um, we do have some live events coming up including Brendan Fraser November 18th in New York City. Um, get in on that one. when we're screening his new film, Rental Family, and some really some really cool other events coming up very soon. Oh, there's Lucy. She's getting up. That's that's the bonus if you're watching on Spotify or YouTube. Um, okay. So, Jacob, look, this guy is doing it right. He of course came to fame in the Kissing Booth series, and that's one thing, and he's very sweet and appreciative of that. But to see what he's been doing lately, you know, big props to this guy for how he's navigating his career. Euphoria, of course, but then of course working with um, you know, Paul Schrader and Sophia Copala and now Guild Delo Toro. Yeah. As the creature, no less in Frankenstein, and I say this to him, and I am not alone in this. Jacob Lordy is kind of the best thing in Frankenstein. And I'm not it's not a slight to anybody else, but he he's amazing. It's a really great performance and I honestly hope he gets some recognition in the awards space. I mean, not that that stuff really matters, blah blah blah, but he deserves it. Guys, look at her face. Look at Lucy's. Is that the cutest dog ever? And that's a good actually that's a good connection to Jacob because we talk a lot about our dogs. He's a big dog person, too. So, again, won my heart on that point, too. Dog chat and movies chat and game of the Toro chat with an actor. Triple win. Um Frankenstein I believe is still in some theaters but is also going to hit Netflix. I think it's might be on Netflix by the time you are listening or watching this. So no excuses. Enjoy the feast that is Gam Toro delivering one of his passion projects and enjoy watching you know a guy really coming into his own as an actor. And of course I didn't even mention Salt Burn. He's going to be in Weather Weathering Heart Weathering Heights. Weathering Heights. Can't say it out loud. Uh coming soon, which is going to be a big movie next year. So, lots in this conversation to enjoy. Without any further ado, uh here's me and Jacob Awardy. Well, look, it's Jacob Alerty on my Zoom screen. How are you, man? Thank you for doing this. I appreciate you. >> Josh, thank you for having me. >> Um our paths really have have barely crossed. I think we had like a fleeting moment at a at an MTV Movie Awards silly bananas show, which is not a real place to have any kind of human interaction, >> but >> this is the real deal. Now, you ready? >> This is the real This is the realest of deals. A Zoom screen, the idea of you, a digital idea of me. [laughter] >> I'm better at digital. I don't know about you, but I'm better in digital form. Um, >> God, don't say that. [laughter] Well, I will say I was I was saying before uh I'm coming to your event tonight, so hopefully we'll see each other in person after this. >> I'll see you in the flesh. I just start crying when I see your face. >> Oh god, he was right. Oh [laughter] god. >> Get back into your Zoom box. >> Get back in your screen. [laughter] >> Um so before Okay, so before we talk Frankenstein and I adore this film and adore this performance, um let's talk dogs for a second. It's on your shirt. My my dog pillow is right behind me. >> I see that. Yeah, >> we are. We are obsessive dog dads. Leila is yours. >> A little Stafy. >> Oh, yeah. Stafy Pit. >> Stafy Pit. >> The best. >> Their Their bellies are so nice. >> Don't get me started. Yeah, [laughter] >> that warm little belly. Just so so good. >> Mine is out on a walk right now, but uh tell me about your yours as well. >> That's That's very >> My dog walker is known as my wife. my uh No, we just we trade off. [laughter] >> Oh, that says a lot about me. Um >> tell tell me about your dog and your Have you always been a dog guy? >> Yeah. Yeah. My whole life we grew up with um we had a Dalmatian when I was smaller called Doy and um and then we had a Cavalere King Charles Spaniel called Paris. Um and love them. just love love love love dogs. And my my dream actually when I was uh like a teenager, when I was in high school, my dream was to live in New York in an apartment with a German Shepherd and feed it pizza while I watch cartoons. >> So I kind of I essentially do that now, but in a much more responsible way. I don't give my dog pizza cuz I wanted to live forever, but I'm essentially living my dream. >> Where where do you stand on dressing a dog in human clothing? Halloween is coming up. Is Is Leila gonna get a costume or no? >> You know, I should say I should say that I hate it, >> but I can't. [laughter] >> No, I'm with you. I I used I used to make fun of people that did that, but now I >> It's so cute when you put a little t-shirt on them >> and they they follow you [laughter] around with a t-shirt on. >> It's so beautiful. I mean, it's probably >> And also, I think my dog enjoys it. >> Like, she gets she gets really proud when she puts something on. She starts just wiggling around the house. >> Totally. >> What have you What have you dressed her as in just in a shirt? >> I put her in um the Matildas are in a Aussie soccer team. Um and I put her in a in a little Matilda's jersey. Um which was honestly I cried a bit. It was so she looks so so cute. And then I put her in like >> I just usually put her in my clothes [laughter] and >> she just takes it. She just kind of stands. >> Yeah. Our ours I feel like is specializing in horror figures. She uh for one Halloween she was Chucky and this Halloween she's she's going to be Pennywise the clown. So we're just running the other kind of one. Have you seen those costumes where the arm moves? There's like an arm attached to it. >> That's exactly it. That's stabbing while they [laughter] video I have of her doing that is one of my >> fiest I've ever seen. Okay, we got the important stuff out of the way. >> Second most important is >> is Frankenstein. Dude, th this movie, this performance, you you are the heart and soul of this movie. I mean, truly, uh, what an accomplishment. Congratulations. I mean, this is a stacked cast. Let's be real. Oscar Isaac, Christoff Waltz, Mia Goth, I'm talking to Mia tomorrow. And >> with all due respect to all of them, you steal this movie, man. This is your movie. I mean, talk to me a little bit about not only being in a GMO movie, being the creature in a GMO movie. This is this is rarified air. Uh this is checking off, I would imagine, something that wasn't even on the bucket list perhaps. I don't know. >> No, it wasn't on any tangible bucket list. this was on the uh the like list of impossible dreams that you have because your first dream is just to act, you know, to act in some kind of professional sense anywhere to be on a stage or do something. And then I remember I I had this pang when I was 16. I was looking at uh I was looking Can you hear that wind a lot? >> It's okay. It's fine. Yeah. Yeah. It's all good. >> Could you close those windows, please? Thank you. I was looking I was like I was sleepless and I knew I was going to be able to perform but then I was like what if you don't get to like do it the way that you've seen it done like what if you don't get to go to that that next place and really be in movies. So, this kind of feels like the kind of beginning of of of that sort of dream or fear that I had to I'm kind of in a strange space afterward, sort of driving around New York and seeing the creature on a billboard and and understanding that I just I just did my my dark night, you know, or you know, there is it feels like that for me. Um, so it's it's really heady and and um you can't you can't I think I'm hoping this is the sign of a sane man, but you can't uh you can't comprehend it, >> right? >> You know, you can't really sit down and go, "This is real and this is happening >> and everything that you saw play in your head is playing out almost like it's deja vu." Um, you know, it's >> it's enough to make a man go mad. [laughter] >> Well, I mean, look, you you more than met the moment, man, because like that that's it's one thing to get that role, get that opportunity, but then to deliver in the way you did, I mean, truly kudos all around. I mean, >> and and this happened, for those who don't know, in an unusual way. I mean, I I you know, I've talked to the lovely Andrew Garfield, who's been so sweet. He's like so excited. He's so excited to see you your take on this. Um, and you know, he was attached. This is obviously a passion project for GMO that he was trying to get off the ground for many years and you you kind of like were just dropped into this pretty last minute in a way. Are you happy it it happened the way it did? I mean, obviously you probably would have liked more prep time, but you clearly had enough. >> No, it happened it happened in the way that it was it was supposed to happen. I think if I I think if I'd been originally attached and had to sit on it for a year and a half, I I think I would have overcooked it. Um >> uh and I also had just come out of a job with Justin Kosell. um that was sort of felt like a different level of uh that it took a different it took a different piece of me to make. Um that I was looking to kind of process and go away and and and reflect on [clears throat] but it ended up being the the fact that I had just given a different piece of myself was exactly what I needed to do to be able to just step straight into uh into playing the creature. So everything kind of happened for a reason. And I'm not completely opposed to the idea that it's because GMO del Toro has been had like a witch's stew brewing for for 20 plus years. And somewhere along the way he like he sent a little fairy into my room to pluck my hair out and and put it into the pot because because so much of it >> felt like deja vu >> if if that makes sense. So much of it felt like it had been happening for a really long time and it did feel like I had been preparing to play that character for a really long time subconsciously. Um it felt like the kind of it's like what you if you're a samurai like what you've kind of been training forward >> building towards your whole life and you can only build towards something like that kind of unconsciously I think as well you can't direct that kind of >> that energy. It's just something that has to has to happen. I think >> it also takes someone like Germa who like look I've been privileged enough to know for many years journalists love him, film fans love him, actors love him because I don't know how many hugs he's given you. I think I've been hugged by Germa Dooro more than like by my mom my mom perhaps. He's [laughter] the sweetest man on the planet and lives and breathes this [ __ ] and just and is born to be what he is. Um, and I would imagine creates such a a warm inviting space where you can you can take risks and you can feel like you're out on a limb and know he's going to have your back. >> Totally. I mean, he creates the he creates this kind of factory space in which he allows all different professional artists to come and uh expose themselves and feel good about contributing. Um I think and it's also just through curation like a director is a great curator I think a curator of taste and and um of style and he's put this this team is not deliberate is is not not deliberate right >> you know um >> it's taken him years to kind of build which is like an extension of his creative soul everybody knows the language and everybody sort of when you check into work in the morning, it's like you're plugging into the GMO main frame. You know, you're you're aware of the law. You know the the world that he's created through his cinema. You know how he feels about films and that's just he just pumps that out constantly on set, you know, but I think it's because he receives something from the process of film making as well. He's getting an energy from somewhere else that we can't we we can't be privy to because he's dedicated his whole life to this thing. generous shares that people hope that something comes out which is what this film is that is this sort of wonderful masterpiece uh made by a bunch of different artisans and crafts people. Um, >> yeah. Well, I mean, you alluded to this. I love that you already mentioned Dark Knight cuz I've come across this in the research. You mentioned that as a formative experience and like there are two actors that always come up on this podcast when I talk to actors from like 20 20 to 60. It's Philip Seamer Hoffman and Heath Ledger. >> Heath Ledger. Yeah. >> They have the same They have the same gaze. The pair of them have the same u they say something and then their eyes say something else and then there's this other thing that just gets into your stomach when you're watching them. And that's I don't know what that is. I don't know what that uh it's an unattainable thing and I think it's I think it's moved all of us, you know. >> So, you have indelible memories. You're what, like 11 years old or so when you see when you see Dark Knight and it's it's everything about it, but in particular, is it is it that Joker performance that knocked you back? >> Yeah, because because I I'm sure you remember too the marketing. There was uh these there was these posters that said why so serious in the fog of the >> uh there was a fogged out window and there was this like sort of purple silhouette behind the fog and all you could see was his smile in the and even now I can like I get I I'm terrified of that of that thing and then I remember it was the first time I was aware of press. I remember driving to school and hearing people talk on the radio and they were like, "Well, don't take your young ones because there's a pencil scene that is just, you know, like highlighting this one sort of point." And I remember sitting in the car and being like, "How does he how does he make the pencil cuz like he makes a pencil disappear in a way that will make your stomach stomach turn." And I was like, >> "Right, >> how could you make a pencil disappear in my stomach turn?" I remember not really fully understanding it. And then one time my mom was away and my dad had taken me on a basketball trip and um I remember we were driving after the after that radio interview and I was like please I know mom said no but please like please take me to see that. I've got to see this movie >> and uh and we went and saw it and I'll never forget when the pencil the pencil disappeared. I just about threw up out of out of excitement like just pure excitement. every movement he does with the the the grenade strings as he backs out of the room. everything everything the humor the the the depth the the voice the movement the costume uh and then just the film Nolan's film as well you know >> it's an interesting thing because now to speak like this about that movie because of the internet it's become like a uh it's become a cinema boy trope um which >> justifiable in this case it can't be overhyped it's okay >> which is sad because it is a masterpiece and and >> for for a certain generation It it did it did rupture our movie going experience and very few films have really >> done that cuz we were sort of going into a different kind of commercial cinema at the time. Um so it so I think it is historically a really important uh film and and uh performance. It's also then you when you you grow up and you get a little older and you start to get serious about this and you think about the context of his career and it's it it is applicable to many young actors like like yourself at this juncture where like what Heath did with this like you know he could have been the pretty boy taking kind of the boring leading man roles >> but like Brokeback and Dylan Bob Dylan and Joker it was like >> he was doing something he was doing something else you know he was um he And if you watch him speak in interviews, he he was talking about something else. He was he was pushing something else. And that's something else I think is something that's vital to not just cinema, but to to to art um and to and to to being here. I do think he was one of our great great artists. And I and I am biased because when you see when you when I realized that he came from just the other side of my country and I realized that he drove across to Sydney, which is what I was going to do as soon as I finished school. When I realized it was a it was a tangible thing and that somebody from from home could cultivate something like that, it was it's a it's an inspiration that I'll I'll never be able to say thank you enough for. So, so growing up, it sounds like from what I gather, that's kind of the exception. You weren't a comic book kid necessarily, but that one kind of transcended >> I was. I was, but but but in a I loved I just had an obsession with with stories. Um um I read all I read all kinds of uh comic books and and uh and um watched a lot of movies and read a lot. Uh, I've always just my my world has always existed in through fable and and and stories and um >> Lord of the Rings kid like what were you about? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Massively. Massively. And but especially around like 12 and 13 when when all you want to do is you want to see monsters. And that's what I that's what I love about they'll hate that I say this about Frankenstein, but there was a few times where I would walk past a mirror and I thought I looked like a Urukai like from uh you know I just come out of the mud like there was something in that long hair and I was like this he could be he could go straight into Lord of the Rings and and and and play something cuz that that the scope of that world is >> I'm pretty sure what most young actors your your dream is to step onto like you know Peter and set and see, you know, fantasy and magic and prosthetics and and practical effects and, you know, >> cuz I read a lot of Empire I read a lot of Empire magazine that was for me was I was buying old copies on eBay and like >> going through the whole sort of process. >> Yeah. Back back in my day in the States it was Premier Magazine but later on Empire totally in the UK. I love it. >> [music] >> So when you start to get serious about acting, do you remember like who the first person was that kind of like gave you some validation that said like stick with this? >> Yeah. Yeah. I did um well I did my first play uh when I I played the Cat in the Hat in Susical the Musical. Um I it something happened on on stage that kind of feeling when and maybe they just felt sorry for me. I'm not sure but when you feel when you feel that you have hooked the audience in a moment when you when you feel them sort of hanging on your words. I think a small version of that happened or it was just like my mom's enthusiasm and love for me just beaming [laughter] to me on the stage. um whatever it was. I think I felt a lot of validation when I did that um stage play when because I would I'd be down in the floor under the trap door and then I think the line was >> um maybe some kind of hat wearing and then the the floor would come up and I'd go cat, [laughter] you know, and from the moment that trap door sprung up and that like that energy that just surge through your through your body, I think that was the kind of validation that I was like, "Oh, I'm I'm in trouble here. I'm going to have to do this. >> Yeah. >> For for my whole life. Um but then I had I had a great acting teacher. Um I went to these Naida short courses when I was 14 on Sundays. And um I had a teacher there named Zoe who uh I did a speech from Goodwill Hunting. Like what do you want to hear, Skylar? That I I put these cigarettes out of me or whatever it is. that one that everybody everybody loves to do and you're really intense and yelling and >> and but she saw something in that and then she told her agent and then >> through her agent I met another wonderful woman named Veronica and um she would kind of she would just have long lunches with me and and talk and talk to me as if I was um an artist on the same level and they were they were in they were in uh you know stage productions in Sydney and Melbourne and I they were the first actors that I felt like really kind have understood what I was what I was trying to say or the thing that I couldn't quite articulate but that I was driving at >> it's so funny to look back and think of kind of like the things that like you know we laugh about now it's Cat in the Hat but it's so meaningful and then you think of something like later later on and like look I mean a lot of people you know I work for MTV so a lot of people from Kissing Booth and obviously like that at the time when you're cast in that must have been so huge must have felt like the world was opening up >> it was it Um, and making that film, the first film was one of the greatest experiences I've ever had on a set. It was like I remember that was when I really had the thought like, you know, the the best day in the real world doesn't compare to the even the worst day on a film set. like you know uh it was magic like to be with people from this from a different country and to be able to connect with people with a completely different culture and to stand around and and think that filming these words or this thing was important in some kind of way and just the the level of play. Um, and I took that movie dead serious. [laughter] >> Like, like to me it was like, you know, I I broke down the kind of uh the the [laughter] the teenage existential catastrophe that is Noah Flynn, [laughter] >> you know, the tragedy, the tragedy of choice and and you know, all these all these things. Um, but it was uh um it was it was incredible. you know, somebody was somebody I think Pacino and maybe Hoffman said something along the lines of this, but um if someone is paying for the for the room and the space that you are and then asking you to come in and act in that space, then you're doing it. Then then you are you are an actor. If someone else is paying the rent on the building that you're acting in. >> And that's what that was. It's like someone's someone is paying money for me to put on a leather jacket and wear a disgruntled tie and uh ask this young woman when her boobs came in over the summer. Like it's it's [laughter] so so totally >> living the dream beyond. >> But it is, you know, it is dream and I was and I was, you know, I farewell my friends and family. Everybody came down to the airport and >> and I got to fly business class and cut the line and, you know, It felt like something was happening. And I remember I bought like new shoes for the trip, like some Adidas sneakers that I never would have been able to get. And and uh and I'm still I mean to now talking to you now, I'm still on that same uh trip. I never went I never went home. I've I've stayed with the same same suitcases essentially. >> It does feel like coming full circle to what you were talking about. This is almost like the end of act one. It feels like Frankenstein kind of like if I'm looking if I'm writing the the book the the biopic Jakey this is either the beginning of the second act or the end of act one and now you're between Saltburn and Euphoria and this you're like you're getting to the juicy stuff. This is the fun this is the fun times. >> I've been so lucky. Yeah. And and and uh I was understood very quickly which which is a great a great gift. And I've been given the opportunity to act on sets with people. Yeah. >> Um that that you know you don't get this opportunity and that's not that's not lost on me you know. Um >> was was it shocking? Look you have kissing booth is huge in its own way and then Euphoria is huge in a totally different way and the [clears throat] reception to that couldn't be more in some ways very similar. It's another obsessive like obsessive fan base but it's totally different. >> So similar. It was actually really similar. It was just like a different age bracket. Um, and some of the and some of the same it was weird too because I had >> I'd had when Euphoria came out, I'd had people that had been watching my work since they were 12 who were now >> and then I was I was meeting them at 16 or or 17 and they're like, I watched you in this. So, I felt old really quickly, >> right? >> Just by the nature of the size of both those sort of social size of both those uh jobs, you know. Were were you immediately defensive, protective of Nate when the film when the show came out and the reactions were I mean it's part of the design of the character. You should have a strong reaction to him. But did it catch you off guard? I think I was I was excited that it had uh that it had um that it made some people so sort of because if you get a reaction from something that you play that's kind of that's kind of the dream and and um >> someone like people telling you that they're scared of you on the street is actually an excellent compliment. Um >> you know because it means that you've done something. you've you've caused some kind of uh uh effect, not effect, like an actual you've affected something. Um, which is nice. But there was a moment actually when I was in New York in a room not too dissimilar to this. And I [snorts] remember online it was maybe one of the worst things that he' done had just happened on television and somewhat there was this picture going around on the internet of my face on a TV screen and somebody was holding a Glock up to to the face and then I was uh watching people sort of live tweet cuz I was spent far too much time on the internet and um I was watching people be like, "Oh, he's on 57th Street. He's here. someone run him over with your car. Like it was like they were people were following where I was walking around the city. So I got incredibly paranoid [laughter] at that point. >> Maybe next season let's make him sweeter. Let's [laughter] >> at that point. Um but at the same time it was like the X Games version of knowing that you you'd had some kind of [laughter] effect. You know, >> it's it seems like in the years in this kind of period of time since, especially since Euphoria, like many smart actors, you've been director driven. I mean, you see you see the the filmmakers you've worked with, whether it's, you know, Sophia or Paul Shreder, Emerald, Justin Cordell, uh, Ridley Scott. >> Yeah. >> Is that is that is that kind of like the rule of thumb? Surround my just put myself in the hands of the best. Let me learn as much as possible at this point in time. like how are you how are you figuring out this stage because you're getting opportunities. You're getting a lot of cool opportunities. So for the first time you could say no to things >> like how are you figuring this out? >> That's the the kind of ultimate um for me if you work with a great filmmaker filmmakers are solely contributing to cinema and and cinema is the thing that I want to be a part of. So, these people that I'm working with have single-handedly from Ridley have pioneered this this art form, this like this form of expression. >> Um, and then you have people like Kerszel pushing pushing the form and and making films uh for the sake of making films. Um, they keep they keep my spirit alive because my spirit lives in movies and it has for as long as I've been conscious now. Um, so for me it's it's part partly like uh I have a great reverence for them and and a respect and these people are my my heroes and I I you know if I wasn't working with them I'm devouring their retrospectives or >> like they are the kind of gods of my uh of my world. Um so uh there's there's that first and foremost just a kind of um a great respect but then also you can guarantee whether the film is received or not received that it if it's made by a filmmaker that I that I really believe and that I think is an artist in the gallery of kind of cinema that film will will have a room. It'll have a spot where it can go on the wall and that's more important to me than than being a um a career actor. I I want to kind of at the end of my time walk into this kind of uh what for me would be this kind of holy temple of of movies. >> Posters on the wall. >> Exactly. The Jacob Ahorty closet personal a personal criterion closet because because GM does something really interesting. Um these films are our biographies. First and foremost, the filmmakers, but every character I've played is a part of my my biography. And I'm I'm never um I'm never hiding anything on on screen or my goal is to hide nothing to um to be a performance artist and to put uh to put everything that I need to say on stamped in that you know piece of celluloid or in that or in that moment in time that that is my my biography sincerely. Um every every single one cinematic or not cinematic. So, so for me, I can I feel more comfortable and I feel better understood in my biography when it's articulated through the lens of a filmmaker who who I respect and think is is uh of importance. >> So, I got to think at some point you send over you email your representation. Here's my top five. Here are the filmmakers I'm gonna I'm gonna do anything for. G give me a couple who who on the list. I have I well my it's const it's constantly uh it's constantly shifting and and uh and and changing um and and I don't you know what I'm not even going to answer because if I do then I'll be up all night thinking about I really wanted to say like this person or I really wish I'd I'd um I'd said this person but I will tell you you know I met I met Win Blenders um uh two nights ago and uh hearing him speak about Walter Sales at the at the Academy of Museum Gala was was a really uh I've only ever read and watched Vim Vender's stuff. I've never sort of seen it and to see him give this speech which I would have read in a book of essays or something >> 10 years from now was super profound. So, you know, somebody somebody like that would be >> would be incredible. And I was also I was I would have loved to have uh worked with David Lynch. I think that I mean obviously it's it's such an obvious thing but >> no it's >> something there's a spark that that left the world when when he passed and I don't obviously don't know him but everyone if you if you have uh you know dined with his catalog uh you you you know that something's gone now something that really was from from a different place and I think a filmmaker like that that would have been for me that would have been I could I could happily sort of, you know, laid down things. >> No, I I tell this story a lot. I got a chance to talk to him over Zoom and his last hit his last years and I still have I don't keep a lot of swag. He sent me a mug, an autographed mug after a conversation that sits on my coffee table and it's like my surprise. >> Exactly. >> That is really spectacular. That's really really cool. >> Are there are there rules you live by in terms of like conducting a career? I mean, Leo famously said, I think the Shaolame is like, "No superheroes, no hard drugs." Do do you subscribe to anything like that in your own career? >> No. Because I think that to think in that way is a little bit like playing playing a movie star or something like like it it's so specific, >> right? >> Whereas I kind of um because people ask this too, they'll be like, "Is there any kind of like film that you want to make or character that you want to play?" And >> no, >> you don't want to close yourself off. >> No, I I really don't think of it like that. It really is this kind of >> unfortunately I've been referring to the process as a cancer recently, but it feels like something that just kind of mutates and grows and >> yeah, >> and I keep going down different tangents with it and it's it's constantly changing my relationship to movies. And um I think if I thought about rules then I'd feel like I was trying to construct a career or something. It would feel very >> very businesslike or whereas whereas I uh I do really um I can it sounds so pretentious but I I consider I consider myself like a player really like a like a like a stock artist in a company. And when I find these filmmakers or they find me, I I feel like I'm I'm being hired to do this one this this very specific thing, which is to act. And um uh hopefully I can keep my tools sharp enough that uh people want to I can I can uh I can apply it in in different sort of spaces and and and in different films. and hopefully that uh the more films that I make with great filmmakers that uh your your tool becomes more varied or something like that. But I but I don't I don't have any kind of like Hollywood rules. >> Well, it makes sense. It's like I mean on paper, with all due respect, I I don't have you cast in Toro as the creature. Not on the top of my list. And now like having seen you do this, it opens up so many more. >> But that's why GMO del Toro is is GMO. >> That's why he's him and I'm me. >> Do you [laughter] know what I mean though? because he does but he does see with that >> with that lens and it takes it takes that kind of trust >> and it takes the the ability to see in that way >> to to uh to to know you know um and he knew he knew before we spoke that that it was going to that it was going to work you know >> um I caught up with Margot wonderful Margot Robbie recently light of the universe another yeah I saw you you guys were out and about in LA recently she's the best >> she's a witch She's the best and just like such a film geek herself. You know, you know her like >> she knows she knows all, Margot Robbie. She knows all. >> Yeah. So, you guys have cooked up something special, I'm sure, with Emerald. Um, she's teased it a little bit. Is this going to make our head spin? This your take on Weathering Heights? Emerald Fennel doesn't do a normal Weathering Heights. >> What am I in for? >> I think it's going to obliterate your heart. I think it's going to I I I it's such a it's such a painful love story >> and such a sort of such a tragedy um the whole thing and and I just got to see the film recently and um it's so painfully beautiful uh and agonizing to watch them suffer to to suffer in the in the most beautiful frames you know you've you've you've ever seen Lena's shot the film So, it's it's just >> it's stunning. I haven't quite wrapped my head around it yet, but I mean, >> it's I've not seen a film like it in a long while. >> Did Did you going back to Saltburn in your last collaboration with Emerald, were you must have known how it was going to push buttons. I mean, it's kind of part of the design of it. She's she's a provocator in the best possible way. Were you surprised, excited? No, not really. >> I didn't think it was so extreme. I I found the world's reaction to be slightly prudish, actually. Um I I I uh well you know cinema there's so many films out there that are like [laughter] that are like infinitely more more disturbing >> but not many that play on like 4,000 screens I guess like this was a mainstream movie that was >> do you know the film lived two different lives though there was a life when it was just in cinemas and it had a different response and then once it hit a streaming service it it got a whole different uh the the whole lens on the film changed, which was which was an interesting uh to see how a film structure can kind of change through through its endurance and through through the format that it's viewed in was really interesting. >> Um cuz once it goes onto a streamer, it gets looked at through more of a social lens than a than an experential um cinematic sort of experience, you know, a Friday night experience kind of thing. And it does change the way the film is understood, I think. >> Well, yeah. I had the same kind of I had the same kind of conversation with Harris Dickens and one of your contemporaries about Baby Girl and how that was kind of like >> Oh, yeah. Actually, I saw >> the memeification. Yeah. Yeah. Like how it becomes a meme and it kind of like, >> you know, gift and and and just becomes a different thing. It's not it's not it's not for better or worse, but it does it does change the intention. But there is something about giving uh there is something when you do serve a film up to the world it does become the world's and that and that is that is in its own way that's it's a good thing you know uh even if your point is lost maybe it's a nice lesson in like letting your point go um and and sort of and moving on and I'm a firm believer that once >> once I've sort of put the film in the can and I've finished it it's not it really it really isn't mine anymore and the interpretation of it the edit none of none of it applies to the sort of job that I've just done. >> Um, so the only feeling I had when we were making it was it did >> it did feel like >> our last special summer as a family or something. It did feel like that wonderful uh >> that it was the sun was out every day and and it felt like a moment like a a personal sort of moment in time, you I uh I know it's a busy day so I promise to let you go in a minute but quickly um Euphoria I guess you've shot I mean we we we're just thankful it was shot because I mean for a while I think a lot of us were Were you were you kind of like is this going to happen? >> I think I knew I knew it I knew it would I knew it would come around um eventually. Um but uh but just so much I mean so much the duration of that show has the world has changed as as the show has changed and the the way in which it came out pre-COVID and then during CO and then now sort of postco it has marked a really for lack of a better word interesting time in in the world but also particularly in like American culture. Um, so it's it's strange. It's it's really it's really quite strange. And I'm I'm excited to see what how this season plays into the kind of I guess world that that Sam Sam created. But it was it was um it I saw I've seen you know dailies and things like that and it's it looks so good. Like it looks so so good. And I think the score is going to be um the score is going to be something else. I'm really really excited to and because I've only done one sort of portion of it, right, >> I'll get to watch the rest of it and just consume it, which is uh which is really really nice. >> Do you have a do you have a favorite snippy direction from Ridley Scott? That guy is just like he he can really like cut you to the core. I know. Um what's your favorite piece of direction Ridley gave you on Dog Stars? I >> got this so much. Um [snorts] um yeah, I think it was maybe him coming out of his trailer and just giving me the finger and saying, "Fuck me, man. You're all right." Something like that. >> I mean, that's all you want to hear. >> He's one of the What a what a totally sort of mesmerizing experience. I got to watch this man who who has been plugging himself into into cinema his whole life and it's it literally pumps through his blood. Like when he arrives on set in the morning, the energy that he comes into the set with and and carries through the duration of the shoot like he's he's living off of cinema, you know? It's not even about the end product. It's about the actual tactile act of going and making a movie. He's like a he's a he's a master craftsman and he's like my dad in a lot of ways. Like >> my dad survives because he works, >> you know, he's a he's a he's a he's a laboring man and Ridley Scott labors on these movies and that's what that's what keeps the sort of the engine running. So I'm literally watching like cinema sustain life. Um which is a pretty a pretty profound thing to to be in Italy watching, you know. >> Yeah. He's writing the story boards for the next three movies while he's setting up the shot. >> He's literally sitting there storyboarding in the car in in the back of a Mayback on the way to work and and there's something about, you know, he directs from this trailer >> which is wrapped to look like the set and you'll hear this voice sort of quote from inside, you know, Jake. And then you come and the the curtain pulls back and Oz is sitting there in a body of lies bucket hat smoking a Cuban cigar >> with 20 monitors in front of him showing you exactly how he's going to cut from this frame to that >> because he's got 10 cameras going. It's like what? >> It's like how the [ __ ] Like he's cutting this movie while he's sitting in there. He's like you're going to walk from this camera and then you're going to come in through here and he's and so I'm watching playback on like 11 different monitors while he smokes a cube and and then he he pats me on the back and says, "Isn't this what it's about?" You know, isn't this what it's all about? And I'm like, [laughter] >> this is this is what it's about. This is it, you know. >> All right, we're gonna end with this. I promise we're over time, but the happy, sad, confused, profoundly random questions. Here we go. >> I know the answer to this one. Dogs or cats, Jacob? >> Dogs. Dogs. Come on. >> Got >> I don't I don't I don't you I'm not anti-cat, though. I do I do love a cat. >> Okay. Do you collect anything? >> Um, yes. Um um um curiosities, the little tickets and weighted things. >> Okay. >> Little little bags of treasure. >> Love it. Favorite video game of all time. >> Oh. Oh. Um uh Kingdom Hearts. >> Okay. Dakota Johnson asked me this. I ask everybody. Would you rather have a mouthful of bees or one bee in your butt? >> Mouthful of bees. >> That is a rare. Not many people say that, Jacob. Okay. >> Yeah. Like like like Candyman. It's a movie reference. Of course, that that clocks. [laughter] >> What's the wallpaper on your phone? >> Oh. Oh, right now my wallpaper is me and my beautiful friend Kaye Spanie from Priscilla. >> I adore her. >> I love her. >> What a performer. >> Um, last actor you were mistaken for? >> Nicholas Cage. >> I mean, I was amazing. a little bit of a different age bracket. >> It's a long It's the longest story. I'll tell you to not >> Okay, fair enough. Worst noted director has ever given you. >> Um um What are you doing with your mouth? Stop doing that. It looks stupid. [laughter] >> I've worked with him for like seven years. >> Euphoria reaction, Sam. [laughter] >> Okay. All right. >> But but you know what? He was right. It looked really stupid. [laughter] >> And finally, in the spirit of happy, sad, confused, an actor who always makes you happy. You see them on screen, you're in a better mood. >> Josh Bolan. >> Good call. Movie that makes you sad. >> Um, Senkity in New York. >> And a food that makes you confused. You don't get it. >> Mango and mango and meat. Mango and chicken. >> So, fruit. Fruit chutney. Anything. Oh no, better answer. Minestroni soup. It should be banned. >> There's the Jacob already hot take of the day. >> It's just a fact. [laughter] >> Um, man, congratulations on the movie. Frankenstein is fantastic. The performance is honestly next level and I'm so happy this happened. I've been >> back in the career for a while and I'm a big fan as you can tell. >> I wanted to talk to you for a long time. So, thank you for taking the time >> and I'll I'll catch up with you hopefully for a second in person tonight. >> Yeah, sounds good, man. I'll see you then. >> And so ends another edition of Happy, Sad, Confused. Remember to review, rate, and subscribe to this show on iTunes or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm a big podcast person. I'm Daisy Ridley and I definitely wasn't pressured to do this by Josh. >> [music]
