<!-- youtube-transcripts/_raw/jacob-elordi-gwen-actors-on-actors.raw.md -->

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Rn-0AD4JmY

Jacob Elordi & Gwyneth Paltrow | Actors on Actors

Variety
1.87M subscribers

Join

Subscribe

Summarize

10K

Share

492,144 views Dec 9, 2025 Actors on Actors | Variety - The Podcast
Gwyneth Paltrow's children are "very jealous" that she got to sit down for a conversation with Jacob Elordi. Paltrow returns to the big screen in the buzzy 'Marty Supreme,' directed by Josh Safdie. She talks to Elordi about the ways dance influenced his physicality in 'Frankenstein', taking a break from acting and what's to come in the new season of Euphoria.

- The worst day on a movie set is still better than the best day in the real world. And that's bullshit. (Gwyneth laughing) - I just got on the train and I never got off until the train crashed, basically. - So you win an Academy Award and what did you do straight after that? - You know, quit, I guess. (upbeat music) So nice to be here talking to you. - Nice to talk to you too. - My children are very jealous, both of them. My son looks up to you. My daughter is in love with you, like every. - That is so lovely. - Yeah. And I probably will be too by the end of this conversation. - Every single person ever says, oh, my mom loves you, or my daughter loves you or my girlfriend loves you. It's never, I love you. - Jacob, I love you. - I love you. - I'm in love with you. - It's always a degree of separation. - It's true, I get that a lot now. Like, oh my mom. - Yeah. well, did you enjoy it? You know? - Yeah, it's true. - Well, thank you for that. That's very nice. - They actually introduced me to you. My first entree to you and your incredible talent was in Euphoria of course. - Thank you. - It's really like, I was just blown away when I saw you and you're so talented. - Thank you for saying so. - You really are. - Was it alarming as a parent, parents always say it's like, but I've never been able to see 'cause it seems so extreme to me when I watch the show that I don't dunno how it's relatable. - I wasn't alarmed. - Yeah. - My kids are, they sort of weren't going down those paths. - Right. - I think there were things that they felt were right, like were depicted really accurately. - Yeah. - You know, not the extremes, but I think in the relational stuff. - The idea, yeah. - Yeah. And the social media stuff. - Yeah, that's an alarming thing. - And there's gonna be another one, right? - There's another one we just, I finished filming just recently and it's a completely different thing. - Is your character nicer? - I actually think so. - Oh, good. - I really do think so. Whether it works or not, I don't know. There's a chance that whatever we've done is just not, well, what I've done is not good, I'm not sure. - I doubt that. - I'm not sure. - I doubt that - It was such a sort of truncated experience, but it's cool. - Cool. - It's cool. - Amazing. - Yeah. Oh, that's very, very exciting. So, Marty Supreme. - Yes. - Very good movie. - Thank you. I'm not available. - Oh, yeah. What you got going on? - Actually, I have a big promotional event to attend to for my husband. - Oh, okay. What's he promoting? - Pens. - How does that process work for you? Because I would love to work with Josh. It comes across your desk and you know his films. So you're familiar with Uncut Gems and that, and you wanna work with him. Why that movie? - Why that one? - Yeah. - I mean, if I'm completely honest, you know, I had been kind of not involved in the world of cinema, I'd been taking kind of a break. Like I wasn't that up on who were the great new people. And my brother's a filmmaker and when I told him that this guy Josh Safdie wanted to meet me, my brother was like, you're doing that movie. Like, whatever it is, you're doing it. And I was like, who is this guy? And then I watched Uncut Gems and I was like, wow. I just thought it's so bold. Like he has such a specific style as a filmmaker. And then I met with him and he's just awesome. And like, like creating worlds in his head and just the kind of artist that's like exciting. I thought, okay. You know, it's been a minute. - [Jacob] But Timothy is incredible in this movie. - Yeah, he's brilliant. - He's genuinely unbelievable. And there's like the final frame of him in the hospital. Such a committed performance. - Yeah. - What is it, because you've, I guess you've worked with some of the greatest male movie stars in the history of cinema. - Yeah. - How is that experience working with someone, I guess that is sort of the age of these guys that you worked with in the 90s and stuff like that. Like the sort of, what is it like working with someone with that kind of intensity, I guess, as a performer? - It was great. You know, I also like, hadn't, I wasn't so familiar with his work either, so I did, you know, a little bit of a deep dive. - He's pretty good. - And he's very, very good. And in this movie, he absolutely blew me away. I just like, again, the bravery around playing somebody with no moral center. You know, it's like a lot of times, actors when they're playing someone who's not likable, you can see them kind of like couching it a bit, you know, like not wanting to. - He just drives through it. - Yeah, he's very committed, you said, that's really the right word. Like it's always inspiring to work with anybody who takes it that seriously and who loves it that much. And you know, 'cause then I'm like, oh yeah, I used to really love it like this. - It's a reminder that it can be important. And it does have value. That's how I feel when I watch it, when I watch his work, he makes me feel good about the state of everything. - Yeah. - Because it makes you feel like you're not just in an echo chamber. Like there is something happening, there's a conversation happening in movies and people do still care. Because I think as long as people care about them, and if people keep putting care in each generation by generation, you can kind of keep them alive. - Yeah, absolutely. - My great fear is that like, that movies lose their currency or something and we don't have that form of storytelling anymore. - Well I think it's, you know, it's changed quite a bit and the business models have changed and the way it's all commercialized seems-- - Wild. And does that feel specifically different to like the 90s? - Yes, it feels very different. - 'Cause I feel like we grew up looking at your generation of actors and all those movies and devoured them and it was like, that was the dream. That was the movies that like we wanted to make. And then I feel like we all kind of finally got the audition, got the thing and we've like stepped out into Hollywood and it's like. - Where did they all go? - This is not at all what it felt like watching. So you can feel a definite sort of shift? - Although I have to say this year, like this year I was like, hey, what's going on? - There's a lot of good movies. - Really good movies. It feels like the first time in a while that it's kind of going back to, and I think that happens, you know, in the face of like hyper commercialization that you start to have real artists coming through, like punching through. And I feel like that's what's happening this year, which is pretty cool. - I agree with you. That makes me glad. Have you always approached movies that way in that if the filmmaker isn't, 'cause you've worked with like your list is, I mean you have what Paul Thomas Anderson, Alfonso Koran, Steven Spielberg, David Fincher, who did did Ripley? - Anthony Minghella. - Minghella. - Wes Anderson. - Wes Anderson. - Yeah. - No one has, no one has hast list that's like. - Oh my god. - Is it a conscious thing or is it something that happens naturally? Is it something that you seek out? 'Cause I don't really know what your relationship is to movies 'cause you grew up around them. - Yeah, yeah. - Sort of very much around them. How do you end up in a spot where not only are you making movies 'cause you can get in the industry and just make movies. But you've worked with every single person in the sort of recent history of cinema who has had something specific to say, sort of beyond the movie business, you know, in an artistic way. - That's a cool way of putting it. I mean, I think I got really lucky. Like Paul Thomas Anderson had never made a movie. - What's his Heart Eight is his first? - First film. - How does that, the film, gee gimme, how does that, how do you end up there? Because I don't know the timeline. I've just seen all your movies as like, I've seen them 10 years after they were made or the year that, you know, they're all over the place. - So I must have been probably like 21 or 20. I think he saw me in the first kind of breakout part that I had, which was a movie called Flesh and Bone, which was not a successful movie, but I kind of, I had this great role in it and I was, you know, young. And he saw me and he just kind of like, we became friends and I don't know, there was just something about him that was so interesting and like, he was so passionate. And also it wasn't like a lot of other people were asking me to be in movies at the time. So it just kind of worked out and he ended up raising the money after some fits and starts. And then we all went to Reno and made this movie and it was like John C. Reilly. - And that's an amazing movie. - All these really cool people. And I think I was in a lot of like, Alfonso Cuarón, that was his first American movie. I was in Fincher's first movie. - Geez. - Yeah. There were like a lot of firsts or kind of early in careers and like, like Wes for example, I was almost in Rushmore and it didn't work out for some reason. And I was very excited to be in Tenenbaums with that amazing cast. And I feel like that-- - That character that you played is like stamped forever. - She's pretty cool. - She's unbelievably cool. She is the cool, like she defined a certain genre of like cool girl. - Smoking. - Smoking in the bathtub, you know, writing a play. It's amazing. - Thank you. - So just a natural sort of? - Yeah. And then I also, you know, made a bunch of weird choices too, and made some not so good movies, you know. - So how does that come about? Just the nature of, do you feel like you've had a specific thing that you've wanted to, how did you start making movies? 'Cause you said Flesh and Bone? - Yes. My first movie was actually, I had one line in Hook, a Steven Spielberg movie. - Right, right, right. - So that was my first one. - I love that movie. - It's cute. But Flesh and Bone was my first like real part. - Yeah. - And I played somebody very, very different to myself. Like she was a real grifter in Texas and a thief and kind of this amoral chick. And when that came out, you know, it was like a lot of sort of good reviews and stuff and it started to build and then I didn't work and I was like, is I thought it was gonna happen. Is not gonna happen. What about you? What was your first? - I'd sort of studied theater for a while and then I went to drama school and then I was auditioning for things in America while I was in drama school after class. And then I booked this movie in Australia called Swinging Safari. And it's about the 70s in Australia and it's like Guy Pearce and who else is in that? Actually just a bunch of Australian legends. And then I was auditioning for things and I auditioned for like a hundred and something times, just all self-tapes 'cause this is right when self-tapes were started. And then I booked this Netflix film called The Kissing Booth when I was 18, I think. - Oh wow. - And then I went and shot that movie and then came to America and then had the same sort of thing. I thought that because I had made a movie and I wore a leather jacket and I was in this thing that I was, I really thought I had, I was about to do something and then I got to Los Angeles and kind of got, you know? - It can be sobering. - Yeah, it was like, you know, two years after that. Which is not a long time in the scheme of things, but for me it was, it was like, you know, nails on a chalkboard. - I had the same kind of thing. I just thought, oh my gosh, I guess this is maybe not gonna-- - Yeah. This is not gonna be, you know, and you had an opportunity and it didn't do what you thought it would do. You know, and then it was just auditioning and going through things. And then I got Euphoria. And then from there it's kind of been just a snowball. - Yeah, understandably. - Of each year too. Every time I think, oh, I've got it now I understand. I know what's happening. Something else will happen that gives me a whole new experience of the whole thing. - Who gave you the idea that, you know, a movie career in Hollywood was possible? You said, you know, you had quite a normal upbringing. - Yeah, I was quite loud. I was very noisy, which is, every actor's thing is like, you know, they didn't know what to do with me. So they put me, which I hate, but it is true. Like, I was obnoxious and there was a teacher at school, Mrs. McMahon decided to put me in this play and to play Cat In the Hat in Seussical the Musical. And I just, yeah. - You nailed it. - Yeah, as soon as I did it, I was singing and dancing. I had the big hat on and I knew that that was a thing that I wanted to do. And then I watched, I've said this a million times on this sort of press tour, but I saw Heath Ledger and I think in The Dark Knight. And I knew him from Knight's Tale and all these things that I had grown up watching. And I think that when I was about 12, I realized he was from Australia. - Oh. - And then the cog started turning that it was viable, it was a thing that you could do. And it was something that like, I could do that. And then from that point, it just became, it became an obsession. Just movies have been every bit of my life from then to now. I get very, very excited by the idea of them. And I had very supportive parents as well. - That's awesome. - Which is like such a luxury in that when I said it, they said, sure. You know, go for it. - So are you kind of like in a pinch me moment right now with this film? 'Cause you are so fantastic in Frankenstein and I was so impressed by your physicality. It was almost like watching a ballet dancer or something like that. How you emerged into this creature and the just the physicality was like really beautiful and-- - Thank you. - The dynamic between this incredible tenderness and this violence, which you like, seem to have, you know, such facility with the depths of each direction. I was really impressed. - Well, thank you, thank you. You know, my sister is a ballet dancer. She was my whole life. So she danced from when she was two till about 26 she danced in Germany. So I've grown up around that kind of movement. It definitely was like a reference point for sort of how to, how to use your body. I've always been sort of enamored by ballet. But thank you for saying so. And it is a pinch me moment because the dream that I had really, when I was laying in my bed and I had these little, like, a lot of people do those little glow in the dark stars on my roof. And I would lay there and stare at them. And part of that dream was literally working with Guillermo del Toro. - Was it really? - Because I'd seen, I'd seen Pan's Labyrinth when I was maybe 13 or 14 or something. And there was the pale man was in that, who is this creep. And I was into monsters and all these sorts of things. And I remember seeing that film and keeping it with me somewhere, like the idea of that movie. So then now to be on a plane with him and to even to watch the film and see his name come up and then sort of pop up on the screen as the creature is, it's absolutely surreal. It's an impossible thing to-- - You manifested it. - In a way, but in a very sort of subconscious, sort of indirect kinda way. (eerie music) - Like how did it come about? Did you just get the call? - Yeah, I was shooting Priscilla, this movie where I play Elvis Presley. - Oh yeah. - With Sophia Copolla. She's amazing. - She's incredible. - And the hair team, hair and makeup team from that were going to make Frankenstein after we were done. And while I was playing Elvis, I had this kind of unnatural sort of pluck and confidence. I remember I said to her, I said, I'm supposed to be in that movie. And she was like, no, you're not. And she's like, did you audition for it? And I was like, no, no, I'm meant to be in it though. And she goes, well we have an actor, so you're not meant to be in it. And I kind of laughed. There was just a passing joke. And then a year later, the actor dropped out and the hair person went to Guillermo and said, I don't know if you know who this is, but maybe you should think about, he has a great sort of physicality or something for it. And at the same time, Ted Sarandos at Netflix emailed a link to this other film I'd made called Saltburn. And so Guillermo had this sort of influx of information. - A triangulation of Jacob Elordi. - Which was strange 'cause I'd never said anything like that before. And then, yeah, I got a email to read the script. And then the next morning we FaceTimed. - Were you so excited? - I was beyond excited, which was, I was getting to a point too where I wasn't really very excited. Like work was becoming work in a way. And nothing was really moving anything. And I was starting to face it, like, maybe I'll just keep working or take a break or I was sort of losing passion or something a little bit. And as soon as I read the screenplay, it was, I knew, I knew how I wanted to say that line. I knew I had a picture of how he would move in my head. It was just sort of an immediate kind of, and I turned all the lights off in my house and lit everything with candles when I read the script because I just had a feeling that I needed to, I needed to do something to get a spark back. - Stir it. - So I'm not just reading screenplays on my laptop. 'cause they've been sent in and you have, they need to know by the end of the day and you're like kind of just going through it and not really reacting to what's in front of you. So I really made a meal out of it. And then I had this like six day excruciating wait to find out if I was like, you know, viable. - What was he ruminating on? - It was something to do with the studio or something. Something that I had no idea. And in my head I created every single reason why I had ruined my life and that I wouldn't be in this movie. And how I had messed up and all these things. And then eventually I got the phone call that, you know, had to go. - That's so exciting. - Put all the stuff on. - It's interesting what you were saying about like, when you just touched on, you know, you had been kind of working as work and you had to take a minute to get the spark back because I always think that's so interesting about being an artist that if you're lucky enough to start to make a living at your art, like what we do out of love and dream and passion, like that it can become work, you know? - Yeah. And there and there is something about that too. You are so lucky that somebody's paying the rent on the building for you to go in and do your silly little song and dance in there. So the fact that I was sitting there kind of ugh, laboring over it. Like that's where I knew something was wrong. - Right. - With whatever was. - You were out of alignment. - Because the thing is, you should be able to find joy in it in any sort of scenario. Whether the script is incredible or not incredible, but it does start to become-- - Yeah, I don't know. - It does start to become a job. Because I used to be one of those people that was like, you know, the worst day on a movie set is still better than the best day in the real world. And that's bullshit. That's a lie. Like, it's not true. The best day in the real world absolutely trumps and devours, you know, the worst day 'cause the worst day on a film set is like. - It's really demoralizing. - Really. And you can't quite figure out why 'cause you've still got your latte and everything is there and you've been driven. - It's not working, - But there's something. - You've got egg on your face. - Yeah, and you've just, and there is that moment I was staying there and I was saying words in something that I had somehow ended up in and I felt like my bones were like on fire. I was like, I love you or something like that. And I was like, oh, shut. I was looking at myself from the outside on these sets, like, just go home. Like you should have tomatoes thrown at you, like you're an embarrassment. You know? - Those moments are so excruciating. - So, yeah. So it was nice to have something come in that sort of reignited that feeling that it could, the worst day could be the best day. Did you feel, how long is the break that you? - Like seven years. - Seven years. And is that a conscious thing from a similar kind of feeling? Or is it just something that life, you are focused on something else? Or is it something I have to get away from this? - Yeah, I think it was a combination of things. I think, you know, when I was doing it in my 20s, like I never took a break and I kind of burned myself out a little bit. And so when I had my daughter, I was like, I'm just gonna take a minute. And luckily I could afford to take a break. And then I had my son and then I was like, I think I wanna approach this in a different way and have a little bit more of a life. I think I felt, you know, a lot of loneliness when I was doing it in my 20s. I didn't know myself really well yet. And I was traveling all the time. And so I just kind of wanted to take a break. And then I started to do kind of more supporting parts and things like the Iron Man movies. And I felt like there was a part of myself that I needed to, I kind of needed to grow up and understand really who I was. And I got a lot of those answers through my family. And then I started a business and then it became really hard to contemplate, you know, doing something. And I also, for me, like didn't want to go on location while my kids were still home. And so this kind of came about in the most incredible way. 'Cause our boys, I have a son and a stepson who are the same age and they were going off and I was left with this feeling of like shock and disbelief. Like, these boys are gonna go and like, who am I? And it was just then that I met Josh and became familiar with his work and he reminded me of some of those people you mentioned, like in the early days of their career. And I was like, I think this is gonna be really worthwhile. It might work or not 'cause it's so ambitious and so original. - It's unbelievable, yeah. - I'm not agreeing to anything. - You don't have to agree to anything but do it anyway, okay? One. Two. Three. - I thought this is the kind of thing I like to do. Like, I wanna take a risk. And so, and it was gonna shoot in New York so I could be near all the kids. And so I said yes. - It's an amazing movie for that because it is so niche and quite peculiar. The performances are peculiar. The story is peculiar, but it's totally universal. - Yeah. - Like you go with each character. When he came to you with the movie, was it as it was? It was just fully? - It was long. - Yeah. - It was like 160 pages or something like that. Yeah, it was long. - Oh my goodness. - And I was like, there's no way they're going to be able to-- - Did you shoot 160 pages? - I mean, I feel like no, because I think we started just not making days and then I think I sort of fall away. But I think it was a lot of pages that were shot. - And on a film like that 'cause their films are like, long lenses set up in the streets, steal a shot, get this if you can. Don't need the permit, you know, there's something like Herzogy about it. Was that the case on this movie or is it, 'cause this is obviously so much more 'cause Uncut Gems is its own thing and heaven knows what and all these films are there and in good time, but there they're a lot messier. Is this in a good way in the way that they are shot on the street? Whereas this felt a lot more like a big movie. - This movie felt to me like the movies that we used to make in the 90s. - It reminds me of your films from the 90s in a way. Like just the size and the scale of the shots and the depth of the performance. Like everyone is great in that movie. Like everyone is perfect in your movie. And you do have this one moment, which I told you before, but when you step out on the stage and are facing away from the audience and then the light comes up and you say that first line and the audience erupts. I just started weeping. I just started crying. The look on your face was so sincere and so beautiful and sad. At the same time, it was a culmination of this whole person's life was in the cheer of that audience. And you absolutely, just like, it was flawless. - Thank you so much. - And also, are you doing, 'cause I wasn't sure, 'cause I have your voice in my head is a combination of all the films that you've made. And now I'm hearing you speak for real. Was there like a old movie star transatlantic thing on her? How does that come about? The voice of her and stuff like that. - I was just watching, you know, like Hitchcock movies and movies from the time, like movies in the 50s and people really did speak with that kind of transatlantic thing. So I brought that in a little bit. - It's great. - And yours is English in the movie. - English and the guy that teaches the creature to speak David Bradley, he's from Yorkshire. So he's in northern England. And then Oscar did this sort of heightened RP accent. So the creature's somewhere-- - In the middle. - And then maybe like whatever memory he has from a different body part, maybe the way that person sounds. That thing with the creature is it seems specific, but he is so vague 'cause he's created from so many different things. So I had so many places to go and look. There was also a lot of practical stuff too, like standing in the mirror and going like, no, no, no, no. Like, or something that's like, oh no, you can't, you can't walk like that. You gotta pull that back. (somber music) - Friend. Friend. - I was gonna ask you about that because I think whenever they're, like, whenever I see a performance that has like those aspects of bravery, I think like how do they do that? Like, do you in the mirror or like? - The mirror was a massive part 'cause I pretty much made myself alone for the six months of shooting 'cause he's kind of the loneliest thing in the whole world. - He is. It's so sad. - Yeah, it is really. And reading him and playing him for just, I was like, oh, you poor thing. You know, you're so alone. So I kind of isolated myself and I spent just so much time at the house I had in Toronto had mirrors everywhere. And I would just walk around and mutter to myself over there and then try something over here. I'd call my sister and be like, do you like this? Or do you like this? It was something very practical and deliberate, but then also something that was about exploring and just trying. But I listened to this podcast recently with Joaquin Phoenix and he said, who you all, James Gray. See you got the crazy filmography. It's unbelievable. But there was something in The Master and it was a scene where I was like, oh my god, that's impossible performance. How did you do that? And then in his podcast he said he just held his breath. Like he really just held his breath until he couldn't. And I'm like, oh, of course. That's exactly what is happening in that frame. So there's a lot of stuff that as well just get your body to the extreme point physically. - Right. - And then he'll say action. And then sort of something happens. - Oh, that interesting. - Practical and spiritual. There was this weird combination of the two. - Do you often do that sort of like, take the fundamental elements of a character and have that be the kind of atmosphere in your real life? - To a degree, but I'm also, I don't, I can't go so far down that path that like, like I can still acknowledge that there's lights there and cameras. So if I went fully into the thing of like, I am living in this thing, it's just bullshit because you're not. You got an SUV and you went to the thing but there's little things like, like the voice is really hard to do. If I'm like talking in the voice and then I go, can I just have a latte? Like so it's stuff like that I cut out. Like things that I would, like, foods that I liked, I would get rid of, like just little habits that I have as myself. I would get rid of them. So I felt kind of foreign in my own environment I suppose. - Wow, that's very committed. - But nothing like nothing. Also, I'll do anything to have like a small departure from the everyday as well. - Why? - I just love, I've always loved, and again, this is such a dicky actor thing, but I like the idea of being able to fully just be like not dealing with that. I've gotta, sorry, I gotta make a movie. Not dealing with that. - Like denial as a profession. - Making a movie is a great excuse because you can't argue with it. It's like, oh, well I guess I've gotta, I've gotta go to East Istanbul now for this many weeks. Sorry. - Right, right. - Can't you know? - Right. - Sorry. Maybe, I don't. - But do you feel like there's stuff you wanna escape from in your real life? Or is it more just? - No, I think there's some kind of a indulgent thing. I love indulging in the other life. Or something like that, it's not necessarily like anything to do with running. As opposed to enjoying the holiday or something like that. - Right. - I'm not sure, I'm kind of reevaluating the whole thing now as well after this movie. And so do you think, did you enjoy it the same way coming back after the break? Did it feel how you thought it would feel? - I enjoyed it so much more. - Right. - Like, I felt very, it was like a fresh start in a way. You know, it felt like, I don't know. I felt like I just came to it with all this life lived like tucked away into my body and with more, you know, I think that always makes you more layered as a person. There's been through so much stuff. And before I just got on the train and I never got off until the train crashed basically. And I feel like I sort of fell out of love with it, you know, because I wasn't even sort of contemplating do I love this? Like, you know, I was just like going, going, going. And I had taken such a long break that I was really able to feel everything and like, and just perceive. - Actually the information that's coming. I wonder why that is that the train has to derail. I'll won't even ask you. I just, I genuinely, why is it that it has to-- - I know. - In this thing it's just, you can't just go, I'm gonna just gonna get off now. - I think we feel like as actors, we're so lucky to be in a position where we're able to do it and get paid for it. And it doesn't, I mean, I can just speak for myself. I never thought like, hey, like maybe you should take a break or just say no to this one thing or slow down. It was like this, I don't know. Breathless, ferocious around like what if I don't get another job? And, you know, as opposed to being more strategic and like and taking some timr. - It's hard to be strategic when it's your first time experiencing something as well. All these experiences are brand new things. So you can't have a plan for how you're supposed to do them. - Totally. - Did you, how old were you when you started acting like the first time and what was like 'cause you grew up in it or around it or adjacent, what was the like calling of it? Did you get bitten by that bug that you knew you had to do this thing? Or was it a sort of a natural progress and was it how you thought it would be? Your like, entrance into it? Does that make sense? - Absolutely. So I always wanted to do it because my mom is an incredible actor and on the stage she's like a legend. So I grew up watching her rehearse and do plays my whole life. And I just wanted to do what she did. Like she was so powerful on stage and so mesmerizing and so I always wanted to act. My parents were kind of discouraging of it, you know, they thought I should try to pursue something a bit more I don't know, maybe steady. And like after school, one day in high school in New York City, like I was smoking cigarettes in the coffee shop and a casting director came up to me and didn't know who my parents were or anything. She was like, do you wanna audition for a movie? And, you know, so like, I got a call back to that. And then, you know, then I used to do plays at the Williamstown Theater Festival every summer and I was an apprentice and someone saw me and it was just sort of like little bits, you know? And I was sort of like, and my parents were like, are you gonna go to college? Are you gonna do this? Like, what's happening? - Do you think they knew you were gonna do it? - I think they knew. - And it was just like, keep it at bay for as long as you could, sort of thing? - I think so. - That's interesting. - But my first thing ever I think was when I was in Hook, I was probably 17. - No way. - Yeah. - Unbelievable. - But it was just one line. - Yeah, you're in a Spielberg movie. - I know. - It still gets added to the list of, to the rings. - It still counts. - It still counts. When I read Saltburn my thought on it was, I was like, I have to be like Jude Law in this movie because of Ripley. But then my association to it, I was like, oh, these aren't similar at all. I shouldn't use that as a reference. I think before making the film, I thought it was, it was gonna be like a Talented Mr. Ripley sort of structure. And then as I went to make the film, I think I realized it wasn't. - And it's the same director that is doing Weathering Heights. - She's doing this movie. Well we did this movie Weathering Heights after that. - I'm very excited for this movie. - I think you'll like it. - I'm gonna. - I saw it last week. - How is it? - It's really good. - Oh. - I think. She's an amazing filmmaker and Margo is so good. - And she's Australian too, right? - Yeah, we're from like 20 minutes. - Oh, that's great. Is that nice? Does it feel sort of like a homecoming? - There was this shorthand that we got to have based on just childhood experience, like certain smells and sounds and a certain kind of a brand of cracker that you guys don't have or a biscuit, you know, just those things made it all so sort of so much easier. But it's a cool movie. I hope, we'll see. - I'm excited. - We'll see what happens with it. - The internet is a buzz about Weathering Heights. - So someone will like pull their phone up, but I'm like, get that away from me. You know? When was the last time you were on stage? - The last time I was on stage was too long ago. It was when I did Proof in London. - Oh really? - Which was 2002. - Do you think, this is such a journalist question, do you think you'll ever make it back? - I would love to actually. I promised my mother I would do a play at some point. - I would love to watch you on stage. - Thank you. - Especially after that frame in the movie. I feel like it would be similar, there'd be a similar reception. - Hopefully my reviews wouldn't be as bad as my character. - Oh, that's crippling when it cuts to you crying in that room. Oh my gosh. Yeah, I remember. And I remember putting I was sitting there, and I went, oh no. - I know. - Oh, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. - And Josh and Ronnie, the writers, actually wrote out the entire review and it's so brutal. It's so brutal. I was like, yeah, this would make me sob. - I guess that's what you put yourself up for. - That's the risk. - Especially if it's like a comeback or something as well, which is a crazy. I have one more question. - Okay. - When you, so you win an Academy Award for Shakespeare in Love, did that have any bearing before you had gone into that position? And did it change anything in terms of how you view movies or the way that you do the work sort of. 'cause that moment is, this is a thing of like, oh, it means nothing. It's all just blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But there is a thing where it does mean a great deal. Even just in a business sense as like as an actor. There is something that happens and change is just in people's perception of you and your work and the, I imagine pressure, like, did it feel like something had happened or did it feel like nothing? - Oh my god, it felt like something immense had happened. - Yeah. - And there was this massive energetic shift. It was very, very overwhelming. I mean, I was young. I was only 26. - So crazy. - You know, of course, it's like the ultimate, the ultimate prize. And so there was this incredible sense of like, pride, but also overwhelm and then like, do I deserve this? - Little shame, yeah. - You know, and I was so young that I feel like I didn't have the tools yet to sort of metabolize it. So it was pretty overwhelming. And I think it also, it just kind of gave me pause. Like, wait. What does this mean? And like, how am I supposed to do something else? - And what do you do after that? - What do you do after? - And what did you do straight after that? - You know, quit, I guess. - Good, good, good, good, good, good. - Pretty much like a few years later. - And then you take that break after that. - Yeah, I just, I just needed, like, I needed to, I did a big life change, you know, I moved to England for at least a decade. - It is interesting that we like, 'cause there's such an emphasis on taking a break and coming back from something. But there's no rule book that says you need to make three movies every year and keep delivering a thing. It is at the end of the day, an art or a craft. And some painters only put out, you know, three paintings every 20 years. Or a musician might put out one album like a real sort of conceptual musician might put out one album every 15 years or something like that. But there is this strange sort of commercial expectation that an actor has. You're only as good as your last movie or that you do have to keep feeding this thing. - And it's not true, you know? - Not at all. - No and I think that's the thing. Like if I could go back and talk to myself at that age, I would just say just take your time. You know, just really get in touch with who you are to the greatest extent possible and make decisions from that place. Like, you know, I would just say slow down and work with great people and you know, don't beat yourself up so much along the way. - Yeah. Yeah 'cause it can feel like a decision, like yes or no to a movie is like saying yes or no to being alive. Like, do I wanna live or do I want to die? That's what the stakes can feel like sometimes. And it's just so clearly not the case. 'Cause if you step outside of Los Angeles or New York for like 20 minutes, you realize it's such a concentrated-- - Bubble - Yeah. That this stuff is important. And that it has like some kind of major bearing on the world. - Totally. Totally. Jacob, this was a pleasure. - Thank you, it was my pleasure. - It was great to get to sit with you. - Here in this setting. - Yeah. (Gwyneth laughing) (upbeat music)
