<!-- youtube-transcripts/_raw/jacob-elordi-coleman-actors-on-actors.raw.md -->

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PW3nPuNa-hI

Jacob Elordi & Colman Domingo | Actors on Actors

Variety
1.87M subscribers

Join

Subscribe

Summarize

16K

Share

474,215 views Dec 11, 2023 Actors on Actors | Variety - The Podcast
In their Actors on Actors conversation 'Euphoria' stars Jacob Elordi ('Saltburn' & 'Priscilla') and Colman Domingo ('Rustin' & 'The Color Purple') joke about how their 'Euphoria' characters would fight over Zendaya's "Rue" and how Jacob was always nervous to meet Colman.

Variety Actors on Actors presented by SALTBURN from Amazon Studios

- It's funny because people are like, "You guys are in the same show. You must hang out, you must know each other." Actually, we don't. - We don't (chuckling). - And perhaps there'll be some scenes with us together. - Hopefully. - That'd be awesome. - I don't think they'll end well but (laughing). It'd be like an explosion, I think the whole sort of "Euphoria" universe would just (mimics explosion). Yeah, that's how it finishes. - Exactly, you're like, oh, Nate, Ali. - [Jacob] Face off. - Face off, exactly. (jazz music) - Coleman. - Jacob Elordi. - Mate. - Hey Buddy, how you doing? - Good, good. I think this is the first time we've had an actual, well, it's gonna be the first conversation we've ever really had. - Absolutely, well, yeah, it really is actually. - 'Cause we're always in passing, we're ships in the night. - We see each other every so often at like a premiere or something like that, but never having this time. So this is like an overdue coffee. - It really is, it really is. Without the coffee, - Our "Euphoria" connection. - Yes. - First of all, how has it been for you? I felt like you were sort of shot out of a cannon when you started "Euphoria" in terms of like -- - It was. - Right? - [Jacob] It was a little bit, I think it was like that for everybody when the first season kind of came out. Everyone was kind of like, "I don't know what this is. It feels really good, it could be really great." You know, and you were doing a completely separate part of the show that I sort of had no idea about. And then it came out, and then it sort of became the world a little bit, you know? - I mean, but also you play like such a interesting, dark, beautiful, broken character. - Right. - And what do you tap in for a character like that? I mean, as I've known you, you're like a happy-go-lucky, easygoing guy. - Right, (chuckling), right. - Is that a lie? (Colman laughing) - No, no, no, it's not. It's no lie, I try my best. Do you know what it is? I actually had seen something you said, "You're a geek, it's the nerd in you." And then it was the same thing for me with "Euphoria". It was, how much can I study? How much can I learn? It was my sort of first opportunity 'cause I'd done movies before where they kind of didn't demand so much of me. And then the kind of films that I was watching before I'd even made movies, the performances I wanted to do, I kind of hadn't had the opportunity to do them. And then when I got to "Euphoria", I realized that I had an opportunity with this character to be the actor that I kind of always dreamed of being. - Wow. - So I just went insane. It was like, how can I become this person? How can I push it into sort of a different kind of place? But it was so long ago now, too, I feel like I've -- - It feels like a long time ago. - Yeah, I've watched my face change because I think I was 19 when we started that. - How old are you now? - 26 now. - Oh, wow. - Did you audition for "Euphoria"? - No. - You went straight in there, I know about that. - I was at the set. - I was at four or five or six auditions in there. Sweating, living outta my car. - Are you quite serious? Really? - Yeah, three or four. Yeah, I was living in my car and I went down. - Wait, where was your car? Were you living in your car in LA? - Yeah, for about a week or two. - And you had an audition for "Euphoria"? - That was my last one before I was going home to kind of just take a debrief and see Mum. - Are you kidding? - Yeah. And I went in and fudged my lines. I was like, "Does anybody Jules know who she is? Does anyone know Jules?" - Oh, that's it. - Completely blew it. - Are you serious? - And then Sam asked me back. And then read with him two or three times and then, yeah. And then that was kind of -- - When you got it, how did you feel? - Euphoric. - Yeah (laughing). Cheesy, I love it. - You fool. - I thought you were a fool, yeah. - No, I knew I was where I was sort of meant to be. - So "Euphoria" sort of changed your life. - It changed my life, it really changed my life. - Yeah. - Yeah. - I think that's a beautiful thing about a show like "Euphoria" can change all of our lives. - Yeah, how'd it feel for you? Because again, you've been working up -- - The show, great. I think the idea that Sam wrote Ali for me. I mean, I didn't think anybody was writing anything for me. And Sam was like, "I see you, and I wanna write towards what I believe you can do and how you can exist in a series." And I felt incredibly blessed because it's a dream role and the language that he is given and the tricky, complex character he is. I just love it, and that's what draws me to Sam. I love Sam Levinson. - I love Sam Levinson, man. - I think he's -- - I owe Sam Levinson. - Spirits walking this planet. - Oh, he's an artist, man. - He's an artist-artist. - Through and through. - Yeah, and I think that's what he demands of his company as well. Remember that table read of season two. - Yeah. - The first thing he said was something like, "Let's forget that season one happened." - Yeah. - 'Cause he wanted us to remind ourselves to be artists again. - We're doing something new. - Something new, don't be attached to the fan base. And people love it, and oh, you know. - Yeah. - All the critics picks. You're like, "Oh no, let's get back to it." - It was just pure creativity. - Yeah, I look forward to getting back to work when we get back to work. - Me too, man. - It'll be great. - Me too, beautiful. - That's been a journey, man. - It has been a journey. And it's wild that we've barely sort of crossed paths, which is kind of a gift too, because I can kind of sit back and I just get the marvel at your work. - Thanks, man. - 'Cause I've got no concept of it, you know? 'Cause I'm not there around you and seeing how you work. - We just sort of like circle the same world. I feel like I began to have friendships with people like you and Sydney Sweeney. Of course, Zendaya. - Yeah. - Because I admire you and what you guys do and the way you guys work. And I'm sort of like in my own little silo with Z, which is kind of cool. - Right. - And it's funny because people are like, "You guys were in the same show, you must hang out." Actually we don't. - We don't. (men chuckling) But you knew you knew Sam Levinson beforehand. - Yeah. - 'Cause you guys did "Assassination Nation," but you knew him even -- - No, I met him actually in the basement of a premier at Sundance. And then we stood in the corner and just talked for like an hour. Because I think that's the nature of us. It's funny, people always think that we're the most, I think I probably give off the fact that I'm very, I am outgoing, I like to talk to people, but at my best, I like to be in a corner talking to one person at a party and really getting to know them. And so Sam Levinson and I sort of fell in love that night because a week later I was going back to New York and Sam was gonna be in New York, and we had such a bro date at like "Soul House." And we were both very nervous. He said he threw up before because he was so nervous because we both wanted to be each other's friends. - Yes, I know that feeling. I have that with you, which is why I've been -- - I have that with you too. - Terrified to have this conversation. - Are you serious? - Because Sam had told me about you, and he had pitched you in this severely-talented, deep thespian, which is all I've ever wanted to be. That's God to me. So I was always kind of a little bit intimidated on set every time I saw you because you're about it. You're about your craft. - Thanks, man. - So I'm here now, I was at home sort of last night, like doing a deep dive, doing all this research like I was about to play you in a movie or something, because I was so nervous. I was like, I need him to understand that I care the same way he does. But I think there's an understanding in that. It's like a silent language or something. - But that's what I've seen you, to be honest. I really do see, like, as I started to do a deep dive on you and your career and the choices that you've made, and then we'll get to a couple of your things right now. I see that the craftsmen in you and someone who's really crafting character and really in a very deep, extraordinary way. I saw "Priscilla" and "Saltburn" and I was like, very different performances and very different things that you had to do that is not easy. - I'm Felix. - Oliver. - Oliver. - Yeah. - Oliver, Oliver, I love you. I love, mwah, I love you. Mwah, I love you, I love you, seriously. - Okay. - Thank you so much. - It's really difficult territory and even performance wise, 'cause I can tell with from one director to the next, even their style of directing. Sophia Coppola seems to lock off a camera bit more and lets the scene play like a play. And then I started to think, when I saw that, I wonder, "Has he done a lot of theater?" - I mean, when you grow up acting in Australia, there's not a great hope of making it to America. It seems like the furthest place away possible. - Really? - On the earth, yeah. So for me, you're kind of bumbling around, like, "Oh, what's an agent, how do I find one of those? So the goal is to basically get to Sydney Theater Company and maybe, you know -- - So, you're from Sydney? - No, I'm from Brisbane, which is easier -- - Wait, I love Brisbane. And nobody ever talked about. - Why? - That's the only place that I've been to in Australia. - Really? - Yeah. I went to the "Brisbane Powerhouse" where I did my solo show. - Wait, that's where I did my first play. - Are you serious? - Yes. - What? - Yes, in the Powerhouse. - I love the Powerhouse! - A play called "Slammed" there, it was my first play ever. So you played in there? - Yes. (using accent) I played at the Brisbane Powerhouse. - I played -- - I played. But that's the only place that I've been. I've been to Brisbane and people are like "Brisbane's like -- They're like Brisbane's like a beach Town. - Well, there's not so much going on there, especially, you know, I mean, we try to have the arts, but it's no Melbourne. - But I think maybe it's because Brisbane Powerhouse was such a beautiful artistic place. - It is, yeah, that's where all of our kind, speaking of the theater, that's where all my theater classes were. It was the first place I saw "True West" put on. - I wonder if we were there at the same time. - So what did you do there? - I did a solo show called "A Boy and a Soul." It was a solo show that I wrote in like 2005. And I performed it, I think in 2012. - Right, so you're traveling the world writing plays in 2005 and performing them, that's crazy. That's crazy. I do need to know about this 'cause that's what I was looking through because I've noticed your face kind of across things since I was a teenager, since I started devouring movies. But now you have this, this sort of, I hate to use words like incredible moment, 'cause we were talking about this earlier, right? About how a career can kind of be looked at as like a, "Well, if I do this kind of thing, then I'll do this kind of thing, and if I'm this kind of actor, then I'll be this kind of actor. And then maybe I'll be a leading man. And then maybe this kind of thing, you know?" But your career is so unconventional. But when I look at it, it is an actor's life. Like, you are like the actor's actor. So what is that like, working so sort of diligently and I don't wanna say in the shadows 'cause I don't wanna underplay it, but it feels like, like in the shadows you just kind of cultivated your craft without a pat on the back or accolades or anything like that 'cause I'm new to this, you know. - Dude, that's exactly it. I mean, the strangest thing is for me to sit across from you knowing that I've been in the performance space longer than you've been on the planet. (both men laughing) You know what I mean? I'm like, wow, my hope my career has been about 33 years. - (whispering) Wow. - I started when I was about 21 years old. I'll be 54 this month, and really my whole journey has always been about being a multi hyphenate. I started out, yes, as an actor, but I was always just interrogating the work as a writer and as a director and then as a producer, how to make things. I just wanted to make things. - Yeah. - And I always felt like that the only way I could have some agency in this industry is to own it. And now I ask you this too. Your journey has come because you came to America when you were 19? - 19, yeah. - 19. - Yeah, tail end. - [Colman] First of all, I think it's seismic what's happening for you too. And you have this incredible fan base. Anyone I bring your name up to, it's like a huge fan of yours. But I love, it's for a couple reasons, though. Of course, there are all the young girls and young boys as well, who are just like, (squeaky voiced) "Oh, he is so cute, he's so handsome, oh, so stylish." Wonderful 'cause you're charismatic, you're charming, you're good looking. But also, I think they see the craftsmen. I think there's something special about you and about what you're willing to learn and do and grow as a craftsman. Now that you're having sort of this moment in film and television, do you still feel like you have freedom and liberty to actually almost go the opposite of me and just go play in some sandboxes that are not so shiny or -- - You know, I feel the most free in my career that I ever have. Before I started working, I made a decision when I was 15, I read "Waiting for Godot" and something happened in my brain. I was at an all-boys Catholic school. I was sort of deeply unsettled. I wasn't happy and I didn't know why. I had this kind of burning sensation in my gut. And in theater class I read "Waiting for Godot," and I didn't understand it, which I think is kind of the point. - The first time you read it you don't understand it. - Right, but it meant something, and something changed then. Everything that I kind of believed in, unbeknownst to me, just went out the window. You know, relationships, people, everything, and I became an observer in this kind of, I don't know how else to say it without calling it a church. Acting and performance and story, it became my church. And then from that day, I worked 24 hours a day, just devouring everything that I could. My whole sort of personality changed. And then I started making movies and it went away. I kinda lost it and I couldn't find it. And for two or three years, I was in kind of a scramble. Even sort of during "Euphoria" I was trying to catch it and find it again 'cause it's kind of all these rules and ideas start getting put on performance and then you -- - It's about the product. - Yeah, and you the person becomes the performance and you're bringing yourself to the performance. And my whole thing was about losing myself in the performance but now I'm bringing Jacob Elordi to a performance, which was such a heady, kind of trippy thing. So I've been in the process of losing that, trying to ignore it, trying to shake it as it grows kind of bigger and louder. But strangely enough, I think I'm in a place now where I feel free. I'm hoping to go into the theater next year to go back and just to kind of -- - I would love to see you -- - Reset and keep exploring. I feel like the theater is a place where you can break into a sprint. But I'm interested, when did you learn that you could do what you do? Like what made you go into the theater in San Francisco? What lets you know as a kid that, what was that kind of thing? 'Cause you said something about your mother, you said in the interview, "We are the dreams of our mothers," what did you say exactly? - Something like I believe that "Where will we be without the dreams of our mothers?" - Right, but you're like a living embodiment of -- - I'm a mama's boy. - Me too. When you said that, man, I started crying because I realized I take my mom everywhere with me. But I realized in that moment, I was like, "Wow, every performance I give is really just an extension of the things that she wanted for me. - (slapping hands) Yes. - And you said that and I was like, "Wow." So I'm interested to hear how that pushed you into, 'cause she's the only reason why I do what I do. - Listen, and your mother's still around then? - And she's still around, yeah. (lightly tapping hand) And I let her know every day. - Oh man, you're about to make me cry. It's beautiful man, because my mom was my best friend, and we talked about everything. She was such a dreamer. She believed and she was spiritual and lovely and believed in the good of mankind. And I think she impressed that upon me. I was a very shy kid and it may be hard for many people to believe, but I was very shy, and very bookish and very awkward and very skinny and not cool at all. And inner city, West Philadelphia. And my mother would put me in programs to sort of get me outta my shell 'cause she was just, I dunno if she just wanted me to just be a working human being and have a personality. And she's very gregarious. So I remember she put me in this summer camp and we had some acting classes and it sort of like a sense of play and sort of got me outside of myself, which was great. I put that away, I remembered that. Later in my life I took an acting class as an elective in college because my mother also said, she influenced me a lot, she said, "Take something just for fun, just for you. Don't just take matriculating classes and journalism. Take something for fun." So I was like, "Oh, I remember that feeling I had in the acting class, let me take that." Now again, I wasn't a cool kid or anything like that. This is all made up, actually. People are like, "Oh, you look very cool and chic." I'm like, "Lemme tell you this, it's a lot of work to get -- - I believe it. (Colman laughing) But dude, let tell you, I took this acting class and one of my teachers, he took me aside one day and said, "Have you ever thought of acting as a profession?" And I thought, "No, I don't even know what that is." He said, "Well, I think you have a gift. I think you have a gift in this art form. And I would be very curious if you follow through with it." And it was the first time anyone told me that I had a gift. Which is why I love teachers, and for them to understand their influence and how profound they can be, and they can change the course of someone's life like this teacher did. So I started taking classes off campus from Temple University and quietly too. Lay on the floor and do breathing exercises. - Yeah (chuckling). - All that stuff. Filling your body with orange juice and all that. And I loved it, I loved all that work and all that preparation and all that care to create character. And now I continue to do that and I do it, and actually why I'm bringing back in my mother, because I do it for her. I lost my mother in 2006 and as we know when your life and your creativity, it intersects in such an extraordinary way, a lot of the work that you receive and you're given helps you work out something that you are going through in your life. When I lost my mom, I was devastated. And I had a good friend talked to me and I said, "Well, what am I gonna do with all this love?" I knew that I was a good son and I didn't know how to be in the world. And she said, "You're gonna pour into everything you do." Which is why my production company is named after my mother, which is my mother's tattoo is on me. It's a reminder of actually how to be in the world based on what you've been given from your mother. So I know that I started to create work in a different way. I think that it's even more meaningful and even more intentional. And it does matter if other people love it or respond to it but it's more about being true to my mother and what she gave me. - Well, I'm the exact same way. - Yeah. - I'd said I've always called myself the most selfish actor alive because whilst it is universal and you are giving something, whatever I'm doing, I do it to satiate me. And I am an extension of her kind of thing. - Tell me about your mom. - My mom is kind of the same as what you're saying. Unconventional in the way that she would support me in doing things. Like "Do something for fun, express yourself. Don't do math, don't do science. You should do this other thing." - (laughing) Wait, don't do math, don't do science. - Yeah, because she knows I can't count. (Colman laughing heartily) That's something about myself, I can't even do the months of the year. I'm a real shocker. So maybe she just kind of realized I was a little slow at other things and I needed to be doing something creative. But she was a stay-at-home mom with us our whole lives. And then she worked at the school cafeteria where I went to school and I got to hang out with her every day at lunchtime. And it's just the way that she treats people is how she's an artist. And that's where I learned art from her, is the way that she lives and breathes. Everything she does is beauty and excellence, and she expects that of me. And she's the one that kind of suggest that I do theater and that I do use my voice. And then she was the first person to tell me that maybe my gift is not athletic or something, maybe it's in the arts, maybe you should pursue that. Which is strange 'cause we didn't come from money or anything like that, you know what I mean? But she gave me the liberty to breathe, really, you know. I like when you said, "What am I gonna do with all this love?" Not all this grief, not all this sadness. "What am I gonna do with all this love?" And that comes out in your work. - Thank you. - All the time. And not just in your work and the way you carry yourself. Every room you walk into. I've watched you a lot 'cause when Sam sort of told me about you I sort of sat back and I've watched you move and I watched you work. The way you live your life, isn't it, your performances are an extension of the way that you move through the world. And it's noticeable, and I'm just really, really damn happy that people are noticing it now. You know, I really, really am. - Thank you, man. And I felt that when I watched "Rustin." First of all with "Rustin," here's my first thing. I felt like a fool because I turned it on and I was like, "I know nothing about this." How am I gonna go and talk to this man about this? And then I did a bit of digging and I realized nobody knows anything about this. - Not many people know. - It's there. - Yeah. - But it's not there kind of thing. So that made me feel a little bit better about myself 'cause I thought I was deeply uneducated. - No, no, no. - But man, tell me about that because first of all, your transformation was everything starting with your voice. There's not that many videos of him talking. There's a few I found online, but you nailed it. But you also bought something else to it that was kind of your own. - On the day that I was born black, I was also born a homosexual. They either believe in freedom and justice for all, or they do not. - I thought it was such a travesty the way to know anything about Bayard Rustin and his story and his influence on the civil rights movement. And then the idea that someone like President Obama and Michelle Obama were ushering in making sure this story is told. There's a great sort of weight and responsibility that you want to do all that you can to just show a living, breathing soul who is just an ordinary human being trying to do something extraordinary for all of our good. So there's a line maybe in the last act of "Rustin," that Dr. Anna Hedman says to Rustin, a story her father said, where she said her father would ask her every night, "Has she been useful today?" So I wrote that at the top of my script and I thought, "Well, that was must be the thing I must remind myself every single day when it comes to creating this character and being a part of this film and leading this film." And it's my first leading role in a film in my entire career. - I can not believe. - And I knew that I had the opportunity to sort of, you know what I mean, if you've been a supporting player, ensemble player, you've seen the way number ones act or respond or move through. And I thought, I think I know a way to do it, and a way to do it now that I've been watching enough to make sure that everyone feels useful. And like you're saying that the one thing I knew that I had is a lot of love and respect for this craft and what we do, and I can inspire that. - Right. - I did know that. I knew that I can take the charge -- - In the cost and the crew and the everyone. - Yeah, I knew that that would be my responsibility. And I took it on, I said, "No, no, no, the way this is gonna be made is very different." And every department had every bit of transpo, grip, best boy, they knew the set that they were walking into, that it had to be done with love and grace because I respect this figure so much. And I wanted to do all that I can to get the nuances of his body and his voice and his mind, but also his soul. That thing that you can't get from Wikipedia or research. You're like, "I've gotta animate with something that maybe that could find that part in myself, and marry that." You know, the voice, all the technical stuff. - Sure. - Haven't talked about that 'cause all the technical work that you have to do to sound like someone, but also I don't wanna mimic. - Yeah. - So Bayard's voice is maybe three octives higher than mine and a bit reedier. And I would find that middle ground, which still has a bit of me. - You in there, yeah. - As well, because I'm like, "I gotta bring me in some way." But it's Bayard fully but I've gotta -- - The spirit of him too, though, you know? - Right, if there's an alchemy that happens after you've done all this arduous research for months and learned everything you could, and I learned to play the lute and sang in a tenor voice, you know what I mean, I'm a baritone. You do all this work and then you're like, "Okay, I have to trust that the Divine will reside." - Yeah. - There's something that I'm not even aware of that I have all of this work inside of me, and now I just have to be in the moment, listen and respond and move through this space. And I feel like that's something I witnessed with you. First of all, Elvis is iconic, right? And now you have an experience with this beautiful filmmaker, Sophia Coppola. That is a quieter, and almost felt dreamlike exploration and showed another dimension to Elvis that I think that, usually you see the showman. - Sure, sure, yeah. - Black hair and more eye makeup will make your eyes stand out more. - Hmm-mm. - [Off Camera Person 1] It's four o'clock boys, we gotta go, probably waiting. - [Off Camera Person 2] Yeah, Let's go, let's go. - [Off Camera Person 3] Come on boys. - I lived in an Elvis cave. I was shooting "Saltburn" at the same time. - Wait, what? - I got the rolls on the same day basically. So I was shooting "Saltburn" while I was prepping "Elvis." So I'd shoot "Saltburn" in the day and then I'd go home to my hotel and I'd covered every inch of the wall in photos of Elvis and Priscilla. And it was kind of with the same thing in mind. If I can absorb all of this, I'm not even gonna think about it. I'm just gonna live in it and absorb it and it really was this thing of like, "There's no way I'm gonna play Elvis Presley unless the Divine comes in, unless whoever, whatever comes in." - And helps me make -- - And I can do that thing. Because you can learn how to dance. You can do your best to learn how to sing, and you can curl your lip (Elvis style of speaking) and do those things and you know, you can do it, it's there. That's all mimicking and copying and letting it get into your bones. But I realized really quickly with Elvis that there's a deep spiritual element to him. I've read these books by Peter Guralnick and pretty much they're kind of this big, each book. And by the time I read this much of the first book, the rest was tragedy. It was just this giant tragedy. And it wasn't even on the paper, but I could feel him falling as I was prepping him. And it was like you said, it was, get all those things right. Do the nerd thing, do the study. You know, I've seen everything, heard everything. And then it was trying to figure out where's the boy in him. Like where's the little boy? Because there was this idea, because he had a twin in the womb and the twin passed away in childbirth. And we came with this idea that thinking about that Elvis had to draw sort of from the strength of his dead brother to make it into the world. He kind of took the strength of two boys and came into the world and he had it all centered here. And I kind of just trusted this idea that he had the kind of ghost of his brother and his mother with him the whole time. And something happened on the last day of filming when he says to Priscilla, he says, "You know, maybe another time, maybe another place." And I said it, and it's an emotional scene, and I'd been sitting with it and I hadn't really thought about it. I didn't wanna get too bogged down in anything. And I just started weeping in this hotel room in Vegas. Philippe, our DP, had set up the lights so that they were like a beating heart that was slowly dying. Like the Vegas lights outside the window. These red lights were just, it was his heartbeat slowly going out. And I looked at Cailee and I was crying and Cailee Spaeny my costar and I said, "They killed this boy, they killed this boy." And that was the Divine coming in, sort of informing whatever it was. And to this day, I won't ever be able to put words to it or explain it or say it, but it was kind of like what you were saying, trusting in the Divine or whatever it was, and I am deeply spiritual, but also not at the same time. I'm very analytical. - But like you're saying, there's that part of what we do. I think that you have to be open for that thing to happen and not try to press on it. There's something that I found in your performance, there was a vulnerability. George C. Wolfe, who's the director of "Rustin," we talked about vulnerability. He said, "Yeah, you can't act vulnerability." The circumstances have to be set up in every single way for hopefully it to happen. What was one of the biggest challenges that you had when it comes to playing Elvis? - I mean, the biggest thing is after learning so much about him, I didn't want to do him the disservice of playing "The King" that the world had made. Because I feel like that's what hurt him so much. I felt like it was my job to not play into his fame, but play him as a victim of it. And to play him as a man who was suffering. - [Priscilla] He's not like you imagine. (crowds roaring) (camera shuttering) - With these kind of great figures that we have, we never really think of them as suffering 'cause we just have pictures. I mean, you can see it, little bits and pieces if you look closely enough but I wanted to respect his suffering and I wanted to respect, that's one generation away. It's really not that far away. And we say Elvis Presley and it's sort of all fine that he died the way that he did. But it's not, a little boy died. - Yeah. - And the weight of that kind of sat with me the whole time. So I never wanted to get up and throw my hips around and curl my lip and snarl and be sexy. And I really wanted to try and show, 'cause of the way that Priscilla sees him is a man who's suffering. And she loves this man who's suffering. So I just wanted to be true to that, I suppose. - And did you have a chance, knowing that you were, because the wildest thing is, I did "Rustin" and then I did "Color Purple" right after. - Really, how long? - I was prepping that. - At the same time. - At the same time. They're so different. - Very different. But I'm wondering with you, were you able to let go of the process of Elvis, or did you just move whatever energy and transform that with your character in "Saltburn?" - "Saltburn" was first. - "Saltburn" was first. "Saltburn" was first, and then we had three weeks until "Priscilla" so I was basically playing what I describe as like the personification of sunlight, which is Felix. - Which is Felix, yeah. - And then sort of went into Elvis. But Elvis was kind of like a nice sedative to playing Felix. And I was glad that I finished on that because like you were saying before, whatever the job is, even if it's unrelated to you, if in the craft you are expressing something, even if you don't know it, that's going on inside, and I think playing Elvis, there was so many elements that were incredibly relatable. And I got to kind of get all of these things out while I was playing him. So we finished that by Christmas. So then by Christmas I was kind of (deeply exhaling). It didn't stick with me, it didn't hang with me. It felt like he had come to sort of gimme this lesson. - Teach you how to avoid certain things. - Avoid certain things, and navigate art moving forward and then things like that. Things that I still haven't even really digested, I don't think, you know. What about you shooting them so closely? 'Cause you went from "Rustin" into "Color Purple" to the devil. - I went to light to dark. - To the devil, essentially, - You know what I think in hindsight, try to think, "Well, why was I given these opportunities to explore and about myself? What did I need at the moment from these characters? What are they teaching me?" And I know that "Rustin" was teaching me leadership, and conviction, and intention, strategizing, uplifting, even when the ceiling's falling down. But to also make sure that with have hope. And then when I moved into "The Color Purple," I actually thought that I was gonna be able to like lay back a little bit. Mister, I come in and out. Yes, I come in and out and perform my function. But there's musical numbers. There's all this stuff for the women, cool. - And you're kind of -- - I've serve my function. - They're the ones that get you. - Yeah, but that didn't happen, actually. Actually, it required even more from me. I think it prepared me to do "The Color Purple." I had to really do two things at once with that role, which is play the truth of my character's journey and his pain and his hurt and his abusive nature and his darkness. While also holding up these women and making sure I gave them space to go to these really terrible places. - I ain't gonna let you marry my son 'cause you in a family way. Pretty girl like you can take his mind, but you can't have his money. - He ain't got no money. - I actually had to practice a bit more self-care, to be honest. - Outside of filming? - Yeah, I knew already going into it, we shot a lot of it in Georgia and I had an apartment in Atlanta and I said, "I need light." When we're searching for a place, I needed lots of light 'cause I knew that where I needed to go, I'm a very sensitive person. And it felt like a trap to get caught up in all that darkness. Yeah, and you could see where it's going and I'm like, "Oh, no, no" 'cause I have to go to these deep places. I'm gonna need light. So I made sure I had light and I gave myself good dinners. And like a friend of mine said, "Sometimes you have to throw money at the problem." So I made sure I went to really incredible dinners like four nights a week. My business manager was like, "Wow, you're spending lots of money on food." Yeah man, I gotta -- - But it's part of a process. - Oh, absolutely, that was part of my process. Self-care, massages, all that stuff. So I can do that work. But also it was actually that exploration of looking into the darkness, of looking at, I have darkness in me. People see this happy-go-lucky person, but I'm like, "I have everything that Mister has in me." I just make a choice every day to live in the light. But I could go to the dark place too, and that's human. - I have no hesitation going into playing, if someone says a dark side of Elvis or a Nate Jacobs, or even a Felix who is sort of messy in their own kind of way. And it goes to what you were just saying. We're all here, and we're all struggling against the day where suffering and happiness and in sadness and all of these things. So for me, I don't see a darker side of Elvis, I just see a human being who hasn't necessarily been fully fleshed out. - Yeah. - And then it's like you said, it's like, "Okay, cool, let me go down into here. Oh, there's a little dark spot there. I know that feeling, I can relate to that feeling," and then I start to express these things, that I'm the same as you, I try to lead with light in my day. I try to work, I try to create art from sort of a sunny place. So if I'm in a good place mentally, then I can go to those places. But I don't necessarily feel fear going to them. - Neither do I. - Especially if you trust the director that you're working with, and you know it's there on paper. It's not gratuitous. We're playing human beings. And God, human beings do some things, you know? - Don't you think that's our job, actually? It's like I have no intention of just playing heroes. I love when I get the opportunity to play someone that Colman feels is pretty despicable and morally wrong, ethically horrific. I'm like, "Oh, but I want to get to learn why." - Right. - Why does that person do that stuff? What is their operating system? What happened to them? Who hurt them? - Right. - Those are the questions I ask because I feel like a character like Mister, immediately I thought, "I have to love him," I've gotta love him so hard and believe that everyone else is the villain. And he's the victim of circumstance. And he has wants and needs and desires like everybody else, but can't get them. In some way, so what does he do? He abuses others. And so for me, that makes him more human. And I can understand him. Maybe that's it, maybe like you're saying. There is something a little selfish about this work. - Totally. - Because I'm like, I think I wanna know more about people and find out what makes them tick and what makes them do what they do. Like you're saying you're an observer. - But wouldn't it be helpful if people did that a little more? I think about this all the time. If we did that on our day to day. The person that cuts you off, the person that does this, David Foster Wallace has a speech about it. It's called like "Water" or something. And he's like, "Even if it seems like it's not true, think about what happened to that person during the day. Think about what they're driving to their sick mother. Maybe that's why they go to get in front of you." And I think about stuff like that. And you do it with Mister so well 'cause the whole time I was watching him, I saw the sort of horrible things, the craginess, but I saw a man who was under immense pressure, completely restrained, unable to express himself. So, of course he lashes out. He doesn't have the means to act the way that you and I would act in that situation 'cause he hasn't been given the light from his mother the same way that we have, you know, I assume. There's all sorts of different things. And that's interesting as an actor. That's more interesting than sort of running out and being like, "Today I'm a hero." "For no reason, I help." - Absolutely. Did you feel that way when it comes to Elvis as well? You felt the character had language to express himself and understood his darkness. - Absolutely, I mean, it's as simple as everybody comes from somewhere. - Yeah. - Everybody has a is given a set of circumstances, and I'm interested in what those circumstances are. And someone like Elvis is, to me, that's as interesting as it can get because he has been explored and he has been kind of picked apart. And every single piece of him has been put out to the world but I don't think it's been interpreted properly. You can get so big that people stop caring about you. You're so, so huge, nothing can touch you. You're a god so what could be wrong? And Elvis for me was like, "God, that is a boy who suffered." - Another thing I wanted to just talk to you about while we have time, which is, I guess that we're both having these moments in our careers. - Right. - Where there's a lot of amplification, a lot of lights on it. How do you remain human and connected to people? Like you're saying you don't wanna be in a tower. - No. - Because I think our business is set up for you somehow to like, oh, when I have to start doing this, you can't eat here, you can't do this. - Yeah, you become an island. - You become an island and think you start to die. You're not the the artist or the person that you were supposed to be, you wilt away. How do you do it, how are you doing it? What is your attempt? - The work, it's just the work. If I can continually explore the work, keep looking at it from a new direction. Every time that I feel my head start to get a little wavy, I'll pick up a play. And by the end of the play, you know, I'll read "Our Town," get to the end of "Our Town," I'm back. - Yeah. - So the day that I don't have the work, but the thing is like you said, "When I don't have the work, I'll make my own work." I'll stand in front of the mirror, I'll do monologues till I'm 80. - Yeah. - It's that selfish thing, that's mine. That's how I feel, what about you? - I think I'm trying to. There's a practice that I have and it's actually a practice like any spirituality. - Right, right. - Which is speaking to people every day. If I go to the CVS, I will ask the young lady who's just ringing me up, "How are you today?" And she says, "Oh, well thanks for asking, I'm good." And then just try to have a small conversation of being connected in the world for me 'cause I think that's what I need as fuel to do the work that I'm doing. I need to know what's going on with humankind and touch and feel and actually have interactions. You know what I mean? And then I mean, we're artists, we need that so we can actually replicate that. - Yeah, you need to be a part of the world. - Exactly. - You have to. So I think my mom gave me the same advice. - Did she, what'd she say? - Every day she said, "Talk to someone, look 'em in the eye and listen." She said, "Really listen, actually listen." - Look at our mothers. We come from good moms. - We're lucky. - I think so. - It's a blessing. - It is a blessing, I think that can give us fuel, that's not only about our work and the way we crafted, but about creating a healthy and whole life. And I thank your mom. - And yours. - Thank you. (jazz music)
