<!-- youtube-transcripts/_raw/kristen-bell-mom-car.raw.md -->

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6gcREx-CnQ

Mom's Car: Kristen Bell

Armchair Expert with Dax Shepard
253K subscribers

Subscribe

5.3K

Share

Ask

242,025 views Aug 26, 2025 Mom's Car with Dax & BFAW
On our first ever episode of Mom’s Car we welcome Mom herself, award-winning actress and beloved spouse Kristen Bell. Kristen, Dax, and Best Friend Aaron Weakley talk through sim sizes of the Chevrolet Bolt and why Kristen loves hers so much she wanted multiple backups, BFAW describes the experience of receiving Dax’s big heart for the first time, the gang get their first delivery while processing assumptions about those who order food to their home, field a write-in question from a concerned impending empty nester, and debate one of Jonathan Haidt’s moral dumbfoundings.

Hello and welcome to Mom's Car. Not my mom's car, but my children's mom's car. Today we have very fittingly as she was the first guest ever on Armchair Expert, my beloved wife, the queen of all Queens, Kristen Bell. I mean, I don't really need to say it, but uh Frozen and Nobody Wants This and Die Hard and Legends of the Fall and Jaws. Please enjoy Kristen Bell. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking All State First. Like, you know, to check your phones in your pocket before leaving the house. Checking first is smart. So, check All State First for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with All State. Savings vary. Subject to terms, conditions, and availability. All State North America Insurance Co. and affiliates Northbrook, Illinois. [Music] I want people to know how much you love this car. You could drive any kind of car you wanted and and obviously as a car lover, I would always want to buy you a very nice car. But tell me about your car a little bit. Anyone who sees you in this little hot rod knows >> they're horny >> that I that everybody likes it. Well, I'll tell you why I like it. She's small enough for me to park anywhere I want >> on your lawn if I so desire. >> Yeah. >> I feel good about zipping around town. I don't feel like tight or invasive or if I drive an SUV, I'm always a little scared I'm going to kiss the curbs. Mainly cuz I kiss I'll kiss the curbs. >> Sure. Sure. Um, she wasn't born a beauty queen. Okay, >> the vault. >> No. >> Okay, >> I don't mind scratching her up. Look at the ceiling. Lincoln once tried to clean it and then never wiped the cleaner off the ceiling. So, there's It's almost looks like white splatter paint. >> It looks like she used wax to try to clean it. >> Yeah, >> as two previous car detailers that looks like someone definitely put >> There's also sprayed wax on. There's a huge scratch back here, which I don't know if one of our daughters owns a some sort of a blade. >> She's bringing a blade to school. >> You You would never know how compact the car actually is by sitting in it. It's It's roomiest. And then you look at it outside and it's a little >> It might be part of the Sim. >> Cute baby. >> Have you seen This is a really good Sim. GIF. GIF. >> GIF. >> Jeff Gif. >> A city bus is the same width as a car. They're in the same lane. Maybe it's 6 in wider. Why is there two seats, a hallway, and two seats on the lap when we're touching shoulders? >> Oh my god. >> I don't think it's the the same. I mean, I I see your point, but I don't think it's the same width. >> But it's only >> Yeah, you'd agree. We're taking up 80% of the width of this lane, >> and then a bus is maybe taking up >> No, cuz look at the car in front of us. That car is taking up 65%. 60%. >> Okay. Well, I do know the width of a bus >> off hand >> cuz we have one. Yeah. Uh I think it's 102 in. >> We should measure this car and see the difference. >> Why don't you We got We could chat it. >> So, this is the same size as your bus. >> Well, it's like a foot. >> Yeah. >> And that's fine. I'll give it a foot, honey. But where's the extra 3 ft inside? If we run a bus, there'd be two other people over there with my glasses on. >> In between a bus is like this much barely for your hips. No, it's not three feet. >> Well, h there's two seats. There's a hallway. Then there's two seats across the hallway. >> Yeah. >> And look at Aaron and I. >> Imagine there's a hallway next to him and then Aaron and I are over there. >> Yeah. I just don't think bus seats are that roomy. >> They're not as roomy as this. But just imagine getting two more people in a hallway within an extra foot of this space. >> I understand the concept. I just >> Well, you do reject it wholeheartedly. >> I don't think it's proof of this sim. No, >> it's not the least bit confusing to you. >> I'm googling the width of a Chevy >> Bolt. >> Bolt. I have a bolt, not a Volt. >> Do you have chat on your phone? >> Yeah. 69 Yeah..5. >> Okay. 69.5 >> 70 in. And now um >> Well, hold on. If we're going to be accurate, you can't start saying 70. I said 69.5. >> Okay. >> What is the width of a city bus? >> 70 in >> 62. >> 8t 4 in. >> Okay. So 80 96. >> What is 8t.4 in? 96.4 >> in >> 100 >> 100. >> It's 100. Oops. Oh, that was embarrassing. I was caught on camera doing the math wrong. >> I don't know. 100us 69.5. >> Hold on though. Was 8 ft. Yeah. >> Yeah. 8t.4 >> or 8'4 in 8t 4. >> Okay. 96 + 4. I see it. So 100. So it's 300US 69.5 >> 30.5 in. >> Yeah. Which is >> which is less than 3 ft. It's 2 and 1/2 ft. Exactly. >> Look at the car in front of us. There is easily 2 and 1/2 ft if you combine both sides. >> Well, hold on one second though, my love. >> Okay. >> 30 in is 2 and 1/2 ft. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. So if you added 2 and 1/2 ft in here, >> that would get you maybe the hallway. I see you're asking me to picture the inside of the bus. >> Yes. >> You know what our problem is and why we can't eat and why Larry Mantel would poke a Swiss cheese size hole in this story. >> Yeah. >> When's the last time you were on a city bus? >> Hour and a half ago. >> No. And you need to be you need to be on a city bus to really see if it's as spacious as we think. >> Well, all I do know for certain, and I know you know you would agree, it's two seats, a hallway, two seats. We were on those buses in Sweden. Yeah, >> remember or um in um Norway. >> We drove all around those mountain roads >> and we're in two captain's chairs and there's a hallway and then two captain's chairs. So, I'm just curious how you put two more captain's chairs in a hallway in 2 and 1/2 ft. >> Understood. The airport shuttle. I was just thinking um the airport shuttle from LAX to the Uber lot is like people on both sides. Um and luggage everywhere and a really wide hallway. >> A hallway you can bring your your rolling a bag on. >> But are you thinking of a school bus? Because often times or sometimes I believe the buses the seats face horizontally, not vertically. They face each other. >> You've been on a bus where they're facing each other? >> Yeah, on the airport shuttle. You're right. >> Oh, airport shuttle. >> Yes. >> Yes, I've been in both. And I think they often have both things. >> Do you take the airport shuttle a lot? >> Uh, yeah. To work >> every morning. DW. Have you been on a city bus as of however recently? >> No, I haven't. >> Right. Like a metro line. Okay. Back to how much you love this car though cuz I think one of the cutest things you've ever done, honey, is that we were on a hike and you had heard terrible news that they were discontinuing the Bolt. And you were a you were panicked. And what did you ask me on the hike? >> I said, "Should we get another one?" >> Oh, wait. How many? before >> I I remember it is should we get a couple backups? >> Should we get maybe I said one or two backups. It's not like I need but I just got nervous that if they don't make it anymore and I don't want the I don't want a new fancy one. I don't want to drive the Starship Enterprise. I have no interest in that. I want a car that's tactile, that has buttons that I can push >> and that does what I want it to do with muscle memory. And I said, should we grab a backup >> or two? >> Two before >> should we have three bullets in the driveway? >> Do you remember when I said to you? >> No. You said no. >> You're stupid. Why did I marry you? Stop talking on this hike. Um, well, I had pointed out and here we are now a year and a half after that conversation and this car I'm looking at the odometer has 21,500 miles on it. >> And at the time of the conversation, the car had about 15,000 m on it and it was 3 years old. And I said, "Well, love, I think you're going to be driving that same Bolt for another 15 to 20 years at the rate of mileage you're putting on it. It's definitely going to go 150,000 miles." And that made me feel a lot safer. But I just thought, I don't know what if somebody steals it. >> Yeah. You were thinking of it like as a great pair of shoes or any kind of fashion item that >> a pair of jeans. If you find the perfect pair of jeans, you get them in another color. >> Get some backups. Get >> You ever done that? >> Duplicate. Yeah. >> You have? >> I have. >> Do you remember with what? >> Um, yeah. A pair of kangaroos and I used paper out money. They were >> Oh, you had double pairs of kangaroos. >> Yeah. >> The kind with a zipper on the side. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. And um they said they were going out of business and I um they were like eight bucks. Oh my god. At some store in Milford. So yeah, when I was a kid I did, but I hear about this all the time. Um I know Ruthie will do that. >> Mhm. >> I don't think I love anything enough to get to of right now. >> I'm going to tell you what I love enough. I I love my cute wife so much. Oh, you are too? >> Because I'm going to tell you, I'm going to be transparent. I said, "Hey, today when we're doing our interview, um would you ask Aaron a lot of questions cuz I feel like he is sometimes left out." >> And it just hit me how absolutely sweet and cute it is that you're doing it, honey. Look at me. >> I love you. I love you. Did you ever do that? That was so sweet. >> There she goes. >> Thanks, Mom. >> Look, I'm no Larry Mantel, but I'll give it a shot. >> There's no way Larry Mantel's collecting Chevy Bolts. >> He need a step stool to kiss your ass. >> Before you met Aaron and you had only heard stories Yeah. that I told you early in our relationship. >> What was your like what had you pictured versus what >> I thought they'd definitely have hooked up. >> That's not >> for sure. >> It's not uncommon to think that. >> Yeah. Um >> you actually I'd be worried about if you didn't think I as you know my mom certainly thought she even said at one point I think I told you, right? >> Yeah. That she was okay with it. >> Well, like since she had come in and we were snuggling in my room as we would do. Mhm. >> And she was like, "Yeah, I guess my assumption was sure he was trying that we were up there." But I don't know why that I thought that was so crazy she thought that we were snuggling. >> I think my assumption What actually there weren't assumptions. What I what I digested from the stories you told me about Aaron. And again, I didn't know Aaron yet, so I couldn't come to many conclusions about him. But what it read to me was that you are a fiercely loyal person and actually have way more of an open heart than you let on >> than I advertise >> than you advertise because you had found another person who you know the way you talked about you guys and all the mistakes you've made and the rockus you've produced around town that you just loved this other person as a soulmate and I there's something really really beautiful about loving someone kind of that deep and not being flippant in your friendship connections like oh Aaron's my ride or die whether I talk to him every day or once a year. >> Yeah. >> So I just thought it was beautiful. I thought it was really sweet. >> I could imagine where you might have had a much different picture of who he was cuz of course I'm telling you the craziest stories about us every time I'm talking. Like I'm wondering if when you met him, did you go like, "Oh, wow. He's so much sweeter than I was expecting." I think that's a kind of common reaction to Aaron if I've told a bunch of stories. >> Yeah, >> maybe. But no, but you he was always so well-rounded in how he spoke about you cuz he always was like, "Oh, Aaron was the cutest. The cutest. All the girls liked him and he was just the cutest boy and he was the nicest boy." >> You know what's gets left out a lot is the heart. the size of this guy's heart and the love he showed like I amazingly I know he talks about me so much but I can put it in perspective like this is how I felt in seventh grade the first time he came to my house and I think you were giving me something to take to camp >> a duffel bag >> a duffel bag >> I felt like one of those dogs that were like like why is someone about to be nice to me and I'm like like shaky >> like and I'm like, "Oh, he's nice. He's being nice. He's nice. He's not judging me or doing anything but being nice." >> Well, I asked Aaron, we had a class together. We had >> We had Mr. Nelson's class. That's where we really fell in love. >> Yeah. >> Drawing pictures back and forth. And then I asked him, "Uh, are you going to go to the seventh grade camp trip?" thinking, "Of course, he's going to go and this is going to be a great time for us to really develop our friendship." And then he said he wasn't going. And this is so I think this was so vulnerable of you and probably the start of the whole vulnerability thing. I don't know how you found the confidence to tell me you didn't want to go cuz you only had trash bags. >> Do you remember that was the reason you didn't want to go? >> Embarrassing. See, that's where how beautiful the relationship was. That's you immediately. I was that comfortable with you. >> You also told me all the like heartfelt stories about Aaron and his upbringing and the kittens and the >> Oh my god. Should we tell talk about the kittens? >> It's too dark. I think it might. It's among the darkest things I've ever seen. And Erin, to to to to witness that and not be completely scarred by any adult you ever run into for the rest of your life is beyond me. >> I think I can maybe um do a a really safe version to just say there were a bunch of cats born kittens who all had leukemia. and a very very very very drunk >> mean >> caretaker male um decided to handle this situation with his bare hands in one fell swoop in front of us. >> Sure. >> I'm so glad you guys laugh about that. Also, >> I I one time stepped on a slug when I was 16 on accident >> and I I cried for about 30 minutes and I buried it in a matchbox in my backyard. >> So, if I had seen kittens >> so cute >> taken out in front of Delta doing that, >> I'd never I could I couldn't go back to school again. >> You might be paralyzed. >> I would be it'd be so much grief that I wasn't ready to handle. But Aaron, what did you think of Dax when you first met him? What was your read on him? Cuz he talks about himself in middle school, which is where you guys met. Yeah. >> Yeah. Sixth grade was >> as his peak that he was really >> Oh, yeah. All downhill from it. >> Yeah. Middle school felt like it was 20 years long. >> Was he a stud? Was he as much of a stud as he says he was? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Oh, absolutely. >> Yeah. He was so cool and um and um exerted a a lot of confidence on the outside. >> No, >> but I felt him that maybe that >> confidence wasn't as confident as he made it out to be >> and I just wanted to embrace him. But when we first our very first conversation was in the bathroom in the sixth grade hallway. >> The bathroom was in the hallway. >> That's the There's a sixth grade hallway and then it has its own bathroom. >> Keep all those perverted eighth grader boys out of there. >> Yeah. Dax came in and said, and of course when I say it, I mean, we're 11, but he's like, "Are you Aaron Weekly?" No, he's like, "Are you Aaron Weekly?" And I was like, "Fuck." Um, I was just like, all I can remember is being in a moment like I just need to be left alone. Like I >> And I was a new kid, huh? I had just transferred into, you know, like he looked cool, cool haircut. And I just thought, why would What's going on? Just leave me the [ __ ] alone. >> But we had a friend, Kevin Gwyn. >> Yeah. >> And Kevin said to look me up. >> Yeah. Well, Kevin was my best friend in sixth grade at the old sixth grade at Highland Junior High and he said, "Oh, when you get to Mure, you got to meet my friend Aaron. He's the coolest dude." He was explaining how cool he was. And Kevin was super cool. He had a crazy haircut and skateboarded. So, I'm kind of like keep my eyes out for like the coolest dude in the school. And then I >> I was like >> then I asked around and then I figured out who it was and then I somehow found him in the bathroom and Yeah. Yeah. And there was a little bit nervous I think. Uh >> did you shake hands or anything or were you just like I'm Dax? >> It wasn't [Laughter] just like I'm >> trying to be on my team. >> I'm friends with Kevin. Um, Kevin told me to say hi to you and then maybe Aaron just thought that that mission accomplished like I said hi or Aaron thought I said hi on Kevin's behalf and that was going to be the end of it. And then as luck would have it then the first class I had of seventh grade was this Mr. Nelson's history was it history class? Social studies. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> And we were seated right next to each other. I'm not not sure how the ball sack cowboy pitchers started, but they started right away. >> Real fast. >> Right away. That's an interesting thing for us to do right out of the gate. >> Right. Oh, you created that together. >> Yes. And we started passing notes. >> Yeah. >> Written or just drawings? Well, a lot of them were there were drawings with situations, I guess, like um >> with the little bubble of someone was saying something on it, but not notes like I love you. Hi, >> I'm in love with you. >> I love that you're my friend. And then, so I brought that duffel bag over. That was the first time I went over to Aaron's house. Then he came to seventh grade camp and you could be in two different bunk houses and I was like, "Okay, Aaron's going to be in mine with Jack, right, who ultimately the three of us were all best friends who was crazy and wild and and um Aaron stayed in our bunk, but Aaron went to sleep every night pretty early before we went out and we probably didn't party yet. But mom, I have to tell you, to be away from my house for a day in a few days, it was nice to get rest. >> Yeah. >> Without having any worries of falling asleep. >> Yeah. >> So, it's as sad as that sounds. >> Yeah. You do you really find the fun in it ultimately though, right? Cuz we would >> Yeah. This one time in particular as one of my favorite memories we have is Butch was the man's name. He was annihilated at like 400 pm on a Thursday and we were in Aaron's trailer and he always claimed to have been an incredible pitcher when he was a kid and he struck out Kirk Gibson who who's a Detroit hero and this you know he's a legend in his own mind and he wanted to play catch with Aaron and I with a wet washcloth or was cuz that's the kind of >> this was and this was an attempt at a fatherson catch >> that get you guys closer. >> Yeah, that's that's how I felt. I guess this is going to be like father-son bonding. >> Well, his intentions were much different than ours. He was tossing it to us and we were throwing it as hard as we could at his face and he was so hammered. It was hitting him in the face every single time we threw it at him. >> His face was all melted up. >> I just We played this game of catch for like 40 minutes and we were just chucking it as hard as we could. a wet wash to a wet wash. >> You keep wetting it down. >> You were We were like throwing our shoulders out. We were throwing it so hard >> and laughing as they're going like he was having a great time. >> It's the most fun I ever had with him. >> And you were a really good ball player, right? >> Well, yeah. That's why he always wanted to bond. Not always wanted to bond, but um >> intermittently. That's uh where the bond was gonna come from if it was gonna happen over B baseball with washcloth. But yeah, >> you didn't have a ball. >> Oh no, I wish we would have had a killed by throwing a baseball at his face over and over and over again. >> Maybe he kind of knew that. >> You ever eat at Playita? >> No. >> But there are some cute restaurants and shops here. We're going to New York in a um a couple weeks, Aaron, and we're so excited. Are you so excited? I'm so excited. >> I know. Mom loves New York. >> We don't get many trips, and this is going to be a full four or five days. Wednesday to Saturday. >> We fly in Wednesday, which day. It's a working trip. >> It's working. >> Do you know mom is one of times 100 most influential people? >> No. >> Do you feel my influence? >> Crazy. >> I've felt it since day one. >> I I have been heavily influenced. Yeah. >> Oh, that's a fun question. Do you do you think this is self-indulgent, but here we go. Can you feel Kristen's effects on me over the years? >> Yes. And I'm not kidding. I have felt her effects on me. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She's very infectious. >> Yeah. She's turned me into a better person. >> You're a really great example on >> Yeah. Truly. I was looking at my Instagram, right? And the the last two posts, one is of me looking cool on a motorcycle >> and one is of me crying >> and one has 4 million views and one has 400,000. And I think I would have never had the confidence to embrace that side of myself publicly uh if you didn't enter the picture. >> Cuz I cry all the time and I make it seem so normal. Well, this is a fun time to say that you and I have done a complete reversal, which is when we met, you cried every 45 minutes. >> Yeah. >> Oh, except >> Oh, finally. >> Look at that. >> Where are we at? 700 ft away from something. >> Hey, I wonder if it's the same rice and barbecue that we went to yesterday. >> When I saw his post, your post the other day, I I told him I cried while I was scrolling and I cried. I didn't even have the volume. I didn't even know what he was crying about. about a motorcycle I wanted. I started crying immediately when I saw him welted up. >> I did too. And that means you have mirror neurons. But I also wonder if there's some because it's one thing I think they're separated issues, right? Like one thing is do things make you cry or do you have a bunch of guards up that allow you to not be emotionally invested? And then the second thing is your system of mirror neurons, which is when you see someone else cry, your mirror neurons, I don't want to say should cuz I don't know if they should, but if they're strong, they turn on. Like I've watched that video of you two or three times now and I well up every single time. >> And I wonder if because you guys didn't have the adults that maybe you wanted to emulate that were safe around you, you like almost like dulled your mirror neurons cuz you're like, I can't mirror these people. Well, look, I have a story and the story is I had this older brother and I just did not want to be a baby. I did not want to be a baby all the time. I want to be older. You see it with Delta. Now, imagine it's a 5-year gap. And just crying was a baby's activity and I just decided at nine. We're not doing that cuz that's very babyish in front of David. >> Um, but Aaron was a good crier always. >> I Well, I cried up until a year and a half ago. I I was Yeah, I've always cried. >> We would get sent to Bart Monty's office, the vice principal, >> and we would sit in there and he would yell at us and I would be stonefaced staring at him and then Aaron would start crying and then I'd get really protective over Aaron and be defending Aaron and it was a whole scene. I can only imagine what he thought when he came home from work. He never let us know, but he had to have thought that was cute. crying. >> Two little boys in his two little bad boys in his office and one's crying and one's trying to protect them. >> Yeah. Trying to stop me from crying. >> I'm going to go get this food. >> Get this food. Get this money. Let's go make some money. >> Hi. >> Hi. I love you. >> I love you. >> Thanks for doing that. >> Yeah. >> You're so good. You're asking so many questions. >> Is he wearing a glass? You're blowing up my spot. >> Stay tuned for more mom's car. Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking All State First. You know, it reminds me of all those times when checking first really pays off. Like that time I didn't check the weather before planning a backyard barbecue. Rookie mistake. Or how about when you're about to head out on a road trip and you know to check your tire pressure first. It's those little check first moments that save us from bigger headaches later. I mean, think about it. You always check if you have your wallet before sitting down at a restaurant, right? Or make sure you've got your keys before closing the front door. These are just smart moves we all make. Checking first is smart, so check All State first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with All State. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions, and availability. All State North American Insurance Co. and affiliates Northbrook Illinois. Hey parents, it's that time of year again. back to school madness. But before you start hyperventilating into a paper bag, let me tell you about a little lifesaver called Uber Eats. Right now, they're offering up to 40% off back to school essentials. You heard that right, 40%. We're talking notebooks, colored pencils, calculators, glue sticks, all that stuff your kids need to become the next Einstein or at least pass the sixth grade. But wait, there's more. Uber Eats has your lunchbox game covered, too. Get discounts on string cheese, juice boxes, fresh fruit, lunchables, all the fuel your little geniuses need to power through the day. And hey, if some of those snacks accidentally fall into your mouth, I won't tell anyone. The best part, it's all just a tap away on the Uber Eats app. No more running around like a headless chicken trying to get everything done. So make your life easier and order now on Uber Eats. Remember, get up to 40% off back to school essentials. Offer ends 9:16. Terms apply. See app for details. >> Hello. >> Oh my god. What if this place? >> Oh, I hope so. I hope there's another I hope they're getting >> Wait, are you have to go directly to this person or are you allowed to pick up another piece of food? >> If if something rang, we could, but um you see how >> Yeah, that's between us. >> That's happened to us once. Oh, this is the directions to the person who ordered barbecue and rice. >> That's right. >> It's only 3 minutes away. >> Yep. >> This person's only 3 minutes away. Just picked it up. >> It has alleviated a lot of my guilt. Like the the the most obnoxious and indulgent thing I do is order Five Guys when we're at the Hansen's. >> Oh yeah, >> it's across the street. I I almost have felt like when the guy I get the food from the guy, he's got to be pissed at me. Like, come on, you lazy [ __ ] You walked almost as far to pick the food up at the end of the driveway. >> But this is very common. Like most of our deliveries are within a few hundred feet. Yes. >> We're working from home. >> You're not the only one. >> See, that's exactly the kind of attitude you have. That's infectious. >> Do you hear what she said? >> Working from home. I never It never It's a lazy bum. It's a [ __ ] bum whose parents are giving them money and they're sitting on their ass at home ordering food from 100 ft away and you go they're working from home. That's the exact influence I need in my life. >> Me too. >> What do you think of this person? >> So embarrassed. It never occurred to me. Someone's working from home. >> Even if we were just waiting at home. >> I think they're terrible. >> So lazy. >> Oh wow. And I assume everyone we deliver food to is a terrible person just like me. >> When you order food though, it's because we've both just gotten off work. We need to feed the kids. We haven't had time to do anything. Why wouldn't everyone else be in the same position we in? >> Well, but I but but but this is the benefit of being a good person. So, you're a good person and then you assume everyone else is a good person. But Aaron and I identify a little bit with being lazy pieces of [ __ ] >> And despite a lot of evidence otherwise, that's still kind of just my route. Like again, if I see someone cut me off, I'm like, "Yeah, they're intitled and they want to get there faster than I'm going to get there cuz I drive like that." That's the penalty if you're a piece of [ __ ] is you assume everyone else is a piece of [ __ ] >> I guess. But I do think as I've liked myself more, I do I do give a lot more benefit of the doubt and think better thoughts about people. But like when you see someone cut you, you would never fly around someone on the ride and try to make up a minute. >> Yeah. >> You wouldn't do that. >> No, cuz they could have a pregnant woman in the car and if they're driving too slow, they could have a cake in the back for kids that they don't want to smash. >> Birthday cake for a senior for someone's birthday. >> Someone's final birthday. >> Final birthday. Oh my god, >> they got this precarious three- tiered cake in the back seat. They're trying to [ __ ] footing around the city. >> God, I hope I think of something like that next time I'm in that position. >> Yeah, like someone's going 15 miles an hour in a 35 and I know, >> you know, cake home safe. >> Birthday cake or not, [ __ ] >> Put your foot on the gas. >> Just tell them I got [ __ ] up on the ride cuz the traffic was a beatdown. Oh man. >> Yeah. The fact that you've been able to share a life with me and I'm moving around like that is God bless you. >> But honey, I give you the benefit of the doubt and often times I'm right. You have the story about yourself that you have all these bad intentions all the time. You're a big boy and it's just >> You think that's not the >> Yeah, I do. >> Oh, is this the food? He's coming out to you. >> Oh [ __ ] This never happens. >> Are you Andrew? Wonderful. >> Look like he's working. >> Of course. Of course he's not. >> Oh, Jennifer. >> But you know what? Maybe he's kneede in work. That's why he's not. >> You want to meet Kristen Bell? >> Home. >> I did see it said Dax. >> I'm sure. Let's do a selfie. >> We're making a podcast where we deliver food. >> Okay. >> Hi. >> Hi. >> You're Andrew? >> I am. >> Dax. You want to take a picture? Hold on. I can get out. >> Yeah. Let's get out and get a photo. >> Okay. Hold on. >> I'm all I got to put my mic in my pocket. >> All right. Now I have to leave. Now I have to leave a good tip. >> No, you don't. You leave zero tip. My wife is very wealthy. >> Take care, brother. >> Have a good one. >> You, too. >> And finally it. >> Of course, cuz you're here. You [ __ ] [ __ ] Cube, did I tell you this funny thing, Aaron, about the hotel reservation? >> Hold on. 17. No. Oh. Oh, sorry. I accepted so fast. >> No, no, no. That's another We got another It's on now. >> Oh. Oh, >> it's like this sometimes when it rains it pours. >> What happened? >> Oh, you have it. >> No, no, no. You still have to put >> Okay. >> Yeah. So, I tell you about the hotel cuz I'm taking the girls to Hawaii on Saturday. >> Oh, yeah. You told me the story. just the three of us. I think that girl got fired. >> So, I got an email from the hotel saying, "We're delighted to offer you a complimentary upgrade to a suite." Um, and also, if you're traveling with Miss Belle, uh, let us know if we can arrange any services for her. And so I wrote back like, "Oh, I'd love an upgrade if I could get a rollway so that there's enough beds." And they were like, "No problem." And they said, "And any surfaces for Miss Bell?" And I said, "No, she won't be joining us on this trip." And they wrote, "We're so sad that she won't be joining." And I was like, "They fully regret giving me this upgrade." Cuz they thought they were giving you an upgrade. >> That is not true. No, more likely they probably because no one in their right mind can believe that a dad would watch his kids by himself without the mom there. >> That's much more likely. >> And they might be right. Let's see. Let's see how it goes. >> What's this? >> Oh, first vegan breakfast burrito. >> This is a big one, guys. This is 23 minutes. Let's do a question. >> Okay, Mom. >> Are you ready, Mom? Yep. >> I'm a single mom to an incredible 17-year-old daughter, Riley. I got sober a few years ago, and it's the best thing I've ever done for myself and for her. But now, I'm facing something I never really prepared for. Riley leaving home in 2 years. As proud as I am of her, the thought of an empty house after 18 years of being mom every single day is terrifying. I know I have to keep putting my sobriety first, but I'm scared of the loneliness, of not having her as my anchor, and of what my identity looks like when she's out in the world chasing her dreams. I've built a life that I love, but sometimes I feel the pull of old coping mechanisms when I think about the quiet that's coming. I have lost a lot of time with her because of my addiction. How do I prepare for the transition in a healthy way? What helped you both when facing major life shifts? And how do I keep showing up for myself so I don't fall into a place where I risk everything I've worked for? >> Well, Aaron, you're you're the first of us in this exact situation cuz Wade is going away to college >> in 6 months, right? >> Yeah. First of all, I I relate with the um getting sober and feeling like you lost a lot of years >> Yeah. with your kids. Um, and you have all this making up to do and um, it sounds like she has done that successfully and hopefully has realized that it's okay and you just have to accept it. >> Yeah, you have to forgive yourself, I'd imagine. >> And it's the it's seems very impossible and I can't remember how long it took me before I did accept it, but >> yeah. Well, I can in other arenas I've witnessed you now at five years have the three years of feeling very guilty and then saying, you know what, I feel bad, but here we are and I really can't live feeling bad now for the rest of my life. It's not what I've been working so hard to feel like. Right. >> Yeah. It's It takes such a toll. >> Yeah. >> on you. And then I also Wade is going away, but um and I have two girls still that are not yet. But I am so excited for him to live his life. I'm so excited for him to get to do anything at all that resembles I just think of you and I at that age. >> Oh my god. >> You know, although this is we didn't go away to college, >> right? We didn't go on spring break with our mom. >> We sure >> Things have changed. Do you know that everyone goes on spring break with their mom now? >> Yeah, I do. You know that my sister went on My sister went on spring break with Lucy and Ben. >> What is your thoughts on that? >> The moms are sick of freaking staying at home and doing nothing. They want to be involved, too. It's not It's not like the moms are going to parties with them. They like, at least with my sister, she separates from them. But like, she'd like a beach vacation, and she's paying for it, so I think why not? >> Well, I love mom taking a beach vacation. I just don't know why it's got to be with the 18-year-old on spring break. Seems stressful. >> I just don't know how the kid has the fun they're supposed to have. It's supposed to be like a rum springer. >> For you? >> Yeah. >> Well, it was for me, too, I guess. >> Oh, yeah. Don't sell yourself short. >> It was. I remember. And I took a >> Where did you go? >> South Padre Island, of course. >> TJ South. And then I And then we >> Did you hook up? Were you >> Oh, yeah. >> You did. You You went single. You You managed that correctly, by the way. >> Yeah. And I went with >> literally we could have been there at the same time, >> right? >> I went with all the I went with like the group of smart girls from my school and we got blasted and then I and and then like my rolls of disposable cameras that I put in like >> my, you know, photo album book and hid at the bottom of my closet my uh proof of my room. Yeah. my mom brought into like the mom's club at the high school the year I left for college and showed everybody >> as a warning of what happens on these >> warning. Maybe she thought it was funny. Maybe she just was going through my I don't know. I just went through my >> but you you were single on that trip. >> Yeah. Well, >> I don't know if I was. >> Oh, I mean >> I don't think I was. >> Nice. >> It's regretful, but I don't think it was. You know what I want? Here's what here's the way my brain works. I'm such an optimist. I wanted to answer yes. >> Yeah. >> Because that's the right answer. >> But if I really think about it, I don't think I was. >> Yeah. Yeah. Well, I This is what I like about you. Everyone's got a little duality. And yours is particularly interesting cuz yours you're on the surface such a goody goody. >> Yeah. >> Again, we're we're really opposites. I'm like presenting one way, but I'm balling. >> You're perfect, but my might have been >> You know, I can't handle alcohol. So, like I had a little bit of alcohol and nothing else mattered. >> Escape tomorrow when you have a little alcoh alcohol in you. >> Um, I have a lot of thoughts on Mallalerie's situation. >> Yeah, tell me. I thought you would. >> Well, I think about this a lot and first of all, I can fully acknowledge that I don't I I don't suffer from the certainly not the same demons as worrying about the loneliness. But I find it helpful for the way my mind works to picture like the visual like how many bags do I want to carry around in life? Like I feel like the invisible bags of baggage of things I'm going to carry things worrying you know. >> Uhhuh. >> And when my kids go to college I just don't I don't want to carry around this the bags full of this empty feeling. So I'm like okay well how do I set them down? And I think preparing yourself by way of looking at life as a cycle has really helped me. Like a flower, a flower starts as a sprout and then it grows into a beautiful flower and then it kind of withers and then it fertilizes the other plants. Like I think about that a lot when I look at the girls and I'm like, "Oh yeah, bikini season's over for me." And that's okay. >> Well, hold on. >> I had a lot of bikinis. >> You're in a lot of bikinis. >> I know. But you you understand what I'm saying, right? Like for me being the onenu, that's done. I'm a mom. They think I'm gross. They call my boobs sloppy joe's. You know what I mean? Like that's the phase I'm in where I'm getting I'm getting ried by my >> Maybe Riz is flirting. I'm getting um [ __ ] on it by my kids. And that's that's also a phase that can be beautiful, but it's so hard for humans to be okay with going into a different phase. >> Yeah. >> And that's the hump. It's not what am I going to do? Just be accepting of the the next phase of your life is happening. And now you're going to have to still be her rock at home when she calls home, but you are going to have to find other things to nurture if you are particularly filled up by nurturing. So volunteer somewhere, get a dog, get a cat, get a goldfish, >> create a hobby. So that that's >> get a male chimp, >> get a male, get a tonka. That space is filled is kind of all you can do. Fill the space with things you've always wanted to do. Beyond that, really work to understand that everything has a cycle. Even this Chevy Bolt, she'll have a she'll die one day and I'll be so sad. >> That might not comparison, >> but do you know what I mean? Like everything has to have a cycle. Without it, the Earth couldn't function and it's just really hard for humans to step out of one phase into another phase. But I think when you when you zoom out and look at it as a macro view like that, >> it becomes easier. >> The biggest chunk of my identity is now the father of Lincoln and Delta. Like it's 80% of what what I think I am. So yeah, it's going to be really wild to not have a daily responsibility or commitment to them. And I do think there's going to be an enormous hole there. >> And I think I'm going to be very sad that I don't hear them in the house. I think it's going to be rough. >> Oh, for sure. >> But I'm also very I'm a romantic. So I also have a fantasy of your and I's life completely free to go to New York for a week if we want and to go to Europe with the Richardsons and just do what we want to do. Like I have a very healthy fantasy of our life without kids too. >> Um which is a luxury of being married. But I do wonder if you this is where you and I are a little different. Like you're not prone to that same fantasy I have, right? >> Well, no. I I I am to a degree. I think I'm more realistic about habits and practices become yearnings if you've been doing them for long enough. We will have been nurturing for 18 years. And if it's like quitting drink, that's like quitting drinking. That's what Mallalerie's feeling. She's going to have to quit drinking again because that is you're fulfilling something for someone else. You're practicing this primary purpose. primary. Exactly. And if that just evaporates instantly, of course, there are going to be aftershocks. So, you have to fill it with something else that allows you to scratch that itch. >> Well, yeah. When I read this, the only thing I thought of as my suggestion, and she's further along than us, so I, you know, I I don't feel like I'm really in a position to make a suggestion other than I think she has to develop some hobbies or, as you're saying, some volunteering, something. She has to develop some things to fill that big hole. But my main suggestion is to not wait until your daughter's left. you're feeling sad and terrible and now I'm asking you to go to have an interest in something, >> right? Be ahead of it. >> Yes. I think like as a commitment to help is like really commit to signing up for some things before she leaves. So, you're just already in a habit of doing it. That's what my first thought was reading it too was like she did such a good job already and I just want to hug her and say please don't worry like you you have done the hardest part >> and you did get a a few of those good years >> back that a lot of people don't get. I think that self-esteem can be built when you thread the line of so you've manufactured this. You've earned this gift that you gave to your daughter. That means the gift is yours to give again. And if and you know, you don't have to you I'm not saying adopt a toddler and be up all night, but I'm saying a a dog. >> Yeah. And one other thing I'd add to mom that she should feel good about is I don't think you can underestimate the power of modeling a comeback. M >> and I was very lucky in that I didn't have the kind of shame maybe most people do with addiction cuz my dad was already an addict and had already gotten sober. Like I never felt terribly judged by my family for having this thing >> and that was that's a huge blessing. And he had shown me the road map for when I finally needed to address it. I was quite familiar with it all. You know, >> I don't know if it's just me, but like the tough love steps in and talks very harshly to me. And this is what I did when I was pregnant. When I was like worried about being pregnant about all the things I was like, >> "Hey, you know what, Kristen? You're not the first person on the planet to ever have a baby. >> You're just not." Lots of people have done this before you >> and yes, it's going to be hard, but someone else has gone through it before you, which means it's possible. And that gives me hope. Wow, look at these cool old houses. These Victorian >> Oh, man. Are these like sority? >> This is our first billionaire we're delivering to, >> right? >> Or Yeah, maybe they're sority houses on >> campus. What if we're delivering to a a party and we get invited in? >> Well, >> well, probably not. >> We're not in that phase. I don't think they want us there. >> Okay, they'd want you. >> They're probably watching. Nobody wants us. >> I'm an old woman. I don't think they want me. >> Oh, right. You're the hottest sex symbol on Netflix. >> Yeah. >> I think it's the next block. >> Yep. >> I hope it's not a nude co-ed. >> It's in here. It's in here. >> It's in here. She's right there. She's right there. Hope I don't get put in that situation. >> I got to say I would love to, but my wife is in the car. >> There wasn't co-ed, but it's a man laying out right there. Jacking. >> No, he's chatting with a girl. Hang out her window. >> Oh, >> what a time to be alive. >> College. >> Yeah. >> I miss it. >> Look at him. He's calling now. He's calling your name. >> How you doing? >> Good. How are you? >> Really good. >> Well, out of context, delivering food. It's very confusing, right? >> And Kristen Bell's in the back seat. Are you [ __ ] kidding? >> Are you [ __ ] kidding me? >> Bye. >> Get that son. >> I'm starting to feel that old thing where I'm like, "Fuck." >> Wait, what version? >> Just >> that I want to I want to be in. >> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That it's over. That it's all over. >> It's not over. You're just in a different part of your life. >> I love the part of my life. >> Yeah. But I also would love to take weekl long vacations as 27. >> Yeah. >> Would you or not at all? >> There was too much pressure to party and have fun. >> And I'm too much percentage introvert to really crave or enjoy that. Like I I wish that I was going on spring break with you guys. I really do cuz I would love to be with you. But I am also beyond excited to come home to a quiet house and talk to nobody for the whole week after work. >> Yeah, we were watching White Lotus and there's that scene where they all go out in that town and they're doing ecstasy and getting drunk and then they're on the boat and I lit the whole that must have been a 15minute sequence >> and the entire time I'm going no I'm going to do that again before I die. I'm gonna This is literally all I'm thinking about. I was like, "No, I'm gonna do I am not leaving planet Earth without another trip like that to Thailand or whatever." And as I'm in the middle of thinking all this, Kristen goes, "Gh, this looks torturous. I want to be I want to be reading a book back at the >> clearheaded." >> Proud of every decision I make. Yeah, we were just it's it was so indicative of us. Like I was just off to the races of how bad I want to be walking down that street all confused and laughing and being loud. >> You know, it's too much stimulus for me. >> I was feeling that same way watching it. >> Were you? >> Oh my god. Yeah. >> I Yeah. I kept telling Rosie I wanted I'm like >> I need a weekend. >> I'm like [ __ ] I love this. >> I know. I know. And I was like, and he's I think I even mentioned like he's like my age. >> You can, you know, I'll believe anything like it's really happening. The movie, you know, the movie, you know, he's acting, but I'm like, he's doing it. He's my age. Okay. You ready for a moral dumbfounding lab? >> Yeah. >> The Secret Affair. This is a Jonathan Height. >> A Jonathan Height moral dilemma. >> Yeah. His moral dumbfounding questions. Like a brother and sister who have sex. Yeah. The secret affair. A happily married person has a one night stand while on a trip. They use protection, never tell their spouse, and the affair never affects their relationship in any way. The marriage remains strong and loving. Is this morally wrong? >> Well, this whole thing was a a trap trying to get you to come in on camera and say there's no problem. >> I want to hear you first. Why? Why don't you be brave? >> No, I want to hear you first cuz I already know what I think. >> Yeah. Um Yeah, I'm fine with it. I don't I don't care if I don't ever know and it has no impact. I've said it a million times. Like my issue with an affair would not be that you had sex with somebody. My potential issue with an affair would be you'd be distracted. You'd be overcome with guilt. It would impact how you treated me. you would not be doing all the things as my partner that I've come to love that you do. That would be my fear, not the thought that you had sex with somebody. >> I think the guilt would take over hard on me. >> Yeah. Um >> Yeah. Well, that's reality though. >> Burst the question. But I agree. >> I understand. But you're knowing that what you did. >> I love the idea of doing it >> and and and it not affecting anything. >> Yeah. >> Except uh >> it would >> listen I don't get stumped by many of these. I I would eat a person. I would do all these crazy. >> Yeah. But um [Laughter] >> yeah, you know yourself and you know that th this is impossible. You'd be carrying the guilt and then when you feel guilty and shamed then you act a certain way and it would just ripple out. There's no way it could be done. That I accept. >> I mean I feel I should preface this with I didn't always feel this way, >> right? Because when I met you, I was a very jealous person and I was bending to the subconscious rules society had given me of television shows of like, "My boyfriend cheated on me. Girl, get him out of the house." No [ __ ] way. Uh-huh. >> You asked me the question of kind of a would you rather um if I slept with someone versus if I drove our kids drunk. >> And that put everything in perspective. I was like, if you had an affair, >> I feel like we could get through that, >> right? >> If you drove my kids drunk, >> yeah, >> you're packing up. >> There's no circumstance in which I would allow you around the kids until I knew you were completely sober and clear-headed. What was really interesting is we were in a big group of people and we asked a bunch of couples that question. >> Would you prefer your partner cheat on you or drive the kids drunk and we were both kind of shocked that most of the people would prefer that they their partner drove the kids drunk? >> I don't agree with that. There's something wrong there. >> I have the exact same answer as you do. The sort of splitting that would be involved of like although wait what did that one say? It's a one night stand. It never happened. >> Protection never happened again. has no impact on the relationship. >> I mean, kind of. Who cares? >> Yeah. >> To be honest, because I have the same thoughts you do. I also know we're monkeys. We're both attracted to other people. We're married. We're not dead, >> right? I'm mostly dead, but yeah, there's just about 15% still. >> But I don't know that everyone has the privilege of this much confidence in their relationship. >> I agree. Well, even go beyond that. I think like we got to own the fact that for the most part I've not been left in my life, >> by partners, >> right? Either it was amicable or I broke up with somebody. And I think that's really relevant if you have someone that's been like cheated on and then dumped and cheated on and dumped. >> Um, >> yeah, >> how on earth could you have this LZ fair opinion? But >> I've been cheated on but not dumped. I've had well a I had an open relationship. So I I I >> I had two and after the first one I was like yeah she loves me as much as she's ever loved me and she's had sex with other dudes. Like just the notion that >> somehow that would make her not love me or something. I just got to experience it had had no impact. It didn't have any impact on either relationship. Now, I'm against an open relationship for different reasons, which are well, a I'm an addict, so it's I can't manage that. I can't [ __ ] once, and I can't. Whereas, your guilt would eat you up. Um, there'd be there'd be more right away. It just be like, if I had a drink tomorrow, I'm going to have a thousand drinks over the next few weeks. >> That's just how I'm built. But I think if you have an open relationship, unless you guys are so committed to working on your own sexual relationship, >> if you have other options, it's already hard to maintain your own sexual relationship. And if you have options, you just won't do it. That was definitely the poor outcome of my open relationships is our own intimacy suffered greatly from it. >> Interesting. But did you think I was going to dis what? >> Oh, no. You guys gonna disagree? >> No. I just thought um >> you were like that one's going to be hard. >> Well, no. I just mean this is unique to ask a married couple this question in front of each other. >> Like you might be in a podcast somewhere else and get asked this and you would just whatever. But you're being asked to answer this in front of your husband. >> In front of my husband. Yeah. >> Does that surprise you that I said that? >> No. No. I've come to think that's how you think about it. >> Yeah. >> How would you feel, Aaron, if Ruthie cheated? Give him higher circumstances than that. Give more specific circumstances than that. It was a one night stand. >> She's in a gang bang with big dude. >> Well, that's a one night stand. >> I want to watch. >> She's she's at a work thing and there's been alcohol consumed, but it wasn't it wasn't uh the flirtation didn't start before the alcohol. Alcohol loosened everybody up. She sleeps with someone. She wakes up and is like, "I can't believe I did that cuz I do love Aaron." She comes home. How do you want her to handle it? >> Ooh. First of all, this is the only time in my life, the only relationship in my life that I don't play that scenario out um ever. >> Like I am. >> And we're doing it to you. That's great. >> Oh, no. That's great. I I am so comfortable in my relationship. I It doesn't even ever cross my mind. Same. Um I know. isn't. But can you remember like every other I remember that not being the case for every other one. >> Yeah. >> Um I remember the >> the feelings of jealousy and this and that. I mean honestly, how how do I want her to play that out? Of course, keep quiet about it and I don't want to ever know about it. >> Right. >> Um like that says, but I um but I think she could tell me and I would understand too. Do you think that has to do with who Ruthie is or do you think that has to do with who you've become? >> I think it's to who have become and well hold on I think it could be a combo. I guess a combo yeah is the easy answer but um because I just believe as I've said in the past I'm not liable to be jealous of a hot dude. I'm more liable to be jealous of Mike, sure, because he has morals and ethics that I know are in lock step with yours, and I can't compete with that, you know. But with that said, I so thoroughly believe and have witnessed that you love me for life. I believe that in my heart. There's no I don't see any scenario where at any point in your life, you don't love me and vice versa. I don't think anything could prevent that. >> You're right. >> Nothing. Nothing. >> So, I think if you feel that, everything else is a little less threatening. >> Mhm. >> Well, honey, you're the most delightful guest we've had. Oh, by far. I love you so much. >> I love you, too. >> Thank you. >> Love you, Aaron. >> I love you, baby. >> Okay, I'll give it to Aaron. >> A little smoochy smooch. Yeah. >> Oh jeez. [Music] [Applause]
