<!-- youtube-transcripts/_raw/logan-paul-paul-family.raw.md -->

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ti1bP3LDSzM

The Paul Family On Jake & Jutta’s $1M Engagement Ring, New HBO Reality Show, Greg Paul Backlash: 451

IMPAULSIVE
4.84M subscribers

Subscribe

17K

Share

Ask

Save

1,001,916 views Apr 1, 2025 IMPAULSIVE PODCAST
The Paul Family joins the podcast to discuss Season 1 of their family reality show, Jutta shows off her 12-Carat engagement ring from Jake & addresses pregnancy rumors, roasts Greg Paul for being divorced, Nina’s honest thoughts on motherhood, Pam’s awkward birthday surprise for her daughter-in-law, Jake addresses Canelo ducking him and seeing his birth ON CAMERA for the first time in 28 years, if there will be a Season 2 & more…

SUBSCRIBE TO THE PODCAST ► / impaulsive

Our reality shows out now on Max. Let's go. The whole happy wife, happy life thing. Here we go. Bull from a divorced parent. I'm sitting here watching a first cut of an episode and I see myself being born on camera. We've always said like, "Oh, we've lived our whole life on camera." Literally. Literally. How is the breakup going? How would it be if you woke up in the first one? Why did you ask me that? That was kind of sad. I literally said you smell so bad when you fart. Jake, did you get emotional when you were proposing? Yeah, I started to get teeyed. Shut the [ __ ] up. What do you think of having Greg Paul as a father-in-law? I think he's great. He has a small heart. He has a big mouth. I think we might add a language. Mom, you're not completely satisfied with your representation in the show, but I love you. This might hurt your feelings a little bit. If we're not doing headphones, we are. No, no, you don't have to. I'm I'm not going to. If you're not, make sure you're talking into the mic. So, for example, you right now are nowhere near the mic. This is a temporary seat. No, no, but see what So, you're talking temporary seat. Temporary seat. Where are you moving? Okay, face. This is a temporary seat. Where do you plan to go? GB, where are we on? Are we rolling? Yeah, GP coming at you. Wherever Wherever GP wants to go, I thought as the interviewer of this group and the one person separated, it would make sense for me to be separated from the group. Yeah, but but Pam and I aren't sitting together. You ain't going to handle Okay. Well, let's get into it. Because we're not together. We're not sitting together. Well, do you see that as a problem? Maybe. Okay. Do you want me to sit in the middle? Well, Mike and Logan aren't together and they're Yes, they are. They're all the time, so that's fine. That's good, too. Yeah. So, that's fine. Is it Is it Let me ask you. Is it a you thing or is it a Kelly your wife's thing? Do you see Kelly here? No, it's Where is Kelly? She's in hair and makeup cuz she came in early this morning. So, you don't want to sit next to my mom cuz she has cooties. I didn't say she had cooties. That's you. Why don't you want to sit next to my mom? Hold on. Let's not get in this mode. Yeah, let's Well, we're already This is a good one. We're show We're not sitting together. Okay. It looks like you are. Sit in the middle. Yes, that'd be great. Okay, let's No. No. No. No, yeah, yeah. Because No, that Nina sits in the middle. Um, I'll be the child in the middle. I get it. You too. But then my fiance is further than me. I want to look at her cuz she's so beautiful. She's right there. Okay, but then maybe Yeah, this is perfect. See? Oh, it worked. It's great. There's a We're off to a great start. There's a lot of big personalities on this show. No way. Should we wear headphones so we're not always talking over each other? Cuz we will otherwise. Is it going to ruin our hair though? Yes. My headphones are stuck really far back, so I have to sit like this the whole time. Kind of nice, actually. You You look insane. They're bad. No, like insanely good. There's There's a piece of hair flowing out in the back. This is what happens when you have a lion's mane for hair. Well, could you fix me? Yeah, sure. Uh, okay. Come to me, Caleb. Right here. Okay. You've seen them on your computer screens and phones for years from YouTube. and Netflix and HBO Max from YouTube and Disney from their fight from boxing to the WWE and now to their all new perspective on the Paul family called Paul American airing right now on Max. It's the entire Paul family. Guys, welcome. Wow. Welcome. Yeah, it's unbelievable. Uh, what an explosive, chaotic, and volatile family. And it's all for you to watch on HBO Max. I convinced all of them to do my podcast, Impulsive. Thanks for joining us, family. Let's get into it. Um, where do we start? Let's start over here. Obviously, let's go. Let's see the ring. Okay. Well, it's hard to miss, but yeah, we can see. Wow. Yeah, to all the ring review people out there. Um I don't know where my camera is. Oh, you guys uh aren't that good at spotting the number of carrots. Were they low? They were low. Yeah, let them let them think whatever they want. Who cares? No, it doesn't matter. But I also missed one thing and that they said it was like half moon sides like half moonstones on the side, but it's actually hearts because it fits my necklace and bracelet he gave me already. So, it's really cute. How much money on jewelry have you spent on Utah? I don't know that the public needs to know that. Yeah, I don't think that's relevant. Seven figures. I don't think the public needs to know that. Are you Jake? What the [ __ ] Since when did you become the moderate of this show? I'm just curious. I'm sitting in Mike's seat and he said that I'm I think it's I think it's a metric for how much you love her and I think it's interesting. What the hell are you talking about? I don't think that's love. So what if you're broken in love? Then you don't actually love her. No, of course. But no, that is kind of true. Like if you if if I knew when I was a kid that I wanted to be wealthy so I could support my family. So that's what a real man does. So maybe part of the reason I'm curious and I I I I sort of thought that was like a little bit of an alleyoop and here I am just getting grilled cuz like look, you're so generous, Jake. You are so good at gifts and man you he spoils you like crazy. I know. I love it. I love it. I do love it. But he doesn't have to do it. It's a love itself. It is your love language. It is. It is one of them for sure. I I definitely of all of them. What's the other What's the number one love language? Um I would say quality time. Also physical touch. Like it's always touching which is which is interesting cuz you have a longdistance relationship which so you can't actually be touch. We're making up for lost time when we're together. We're just like you guys you guys look like a power couple. You look [ __ ] great. Congrats on being Thank you. Congrats. Are are you are y'all like telling the story at all? We keeping it for the show season two. Like h how do you want to go into it? Yeah. What What shall we say about Why now, Jake Paul? Why right in this moment would you get engaged to this woman? Well, she's the love of my life and I know she has to focus on the Olympics moving forward. So, this was like our only time to actually do it where we could both enjoy it for a week and have like a vacation cuz also I'm going to start training and stuff soon. Um, and I had the ring for a long time and I was waiting for the right moment to figure out when it would make sense and this just worked out perfectly at at Jade Mountain in St. Lucia. I was like, "This is the most beautiful view in the world. Fly our family in." Yeah, that was the best surprise. Like, I felt it coming a little bit, but you of course never know. But then when we were engaged, they said we should go down to take pictures on the beach. So we went down there and Jake like lifted me up and all of a sudden I saw Pam in the corner of my eye and I was like so surprised and happy to first see Jake's family of course, but then I was a little disappointed because I just saw my mom on FaceTime in the morning and she was at home. So I was like they are ne they're not here. Like that was there was no chance. They turned me around and my parents were there and it was literally the best surprise of my life and it was it was so amazing. So sweet. Jake, did you get emotional when you were proposing? Yeah, I started to get teeyed and then I I was like starting to cry and then I realized I didn't know what I was saying while I was crying and it was and then like the snot came and I was like, "Oh no." Like, is it a bubble or just a It was like a lot. I'm pretty sure it was it was it was too much. I got scared cuz I was like, "If I keep doing this, I'm going to the snot's going to start coming out of my nose." And if you own me, I'm like, "No, I just turned into a [ __ ] dude. I I just got I was emotionally destroy like I don't know why it affected me so much." And like fully blacked out. I was so nervous. I was so [ __ ] nervous, bro. And And I was like trying to I took like two shots of whiskey before, three, it didn't do anything. Nothing. It doesn't help at all. How did How does this compare to your proposal? Uh the last time you did it, if you don't mind me asking, because I know it's been a sensitive topic today. Did you break down crying and what do you think of your boys crying like pansies while uh proposing? All right, so the last time I did it was with Kelly and we bought we got $11 gas station rings lifetime warranty and we freaking love them cuz we were in a gas station. We were like, "Hey, let's just buy these as our as our exchange of rings." And we did it and they filled out the lifetime warranty right there. 22 bucks, golden. And the deal is this, the size of the ring should never really matter because the size of the love in your heart is what counts. And I agree. And if we're ever flat ass broke, we're cool. Now you guys, if you're ever flat ass broke, you can sell your ring. You'll be good for a couple years. But one thing, one thing I have to say broke. One thing I have to say is I will leave all my stuff behind when I go to Netherlands, too. like because I don't want it like around me or something. That's the other reason we went with the $11 ring because I was like, "Babe, I could buy you one for a million if you want, but you have to worry about it." Yeah. Could you? No, you How do you guys know what his max contract looks like? Cuz I pay him. Yep. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about stuff he's doing on the side. Don't Don't pocket watch. Yeah. You act like Don't pocket watch GP. Yo. Yo, you just say you could buy a million dollar ring. You can. That's expensive. That's a very expensive ring, actually. All right. But what I told her was I could buy you one if I wanted to. How I got there is not your [ __ ] business. Okay. But you No, baby. You would grind harder to get it. How do you know? Why are you laughing at, bro? He You're the seed that came out of his nuts. So, if you can do it, then he can do it. You were once him. Facts. Remember we talked about this? Let's Let's not tell him that. He's going to break down crying. He's going to get angry. He's going to get psychotic. All kinds of [ __ ] Like he always tells you come from his Lawrence boy. No. No. He said, and I told this to Nina the other day, we would be doing weird [ __ ] growing up and he would go, "That boy did not come from True." That's true. That's what he would say. So, I'm still Yeah. Where'd I come from? Yeah. What? You came from me for sure. I mean, you want to get Logan Logan crippled when somebody says, "Oh my gosh, you look like your dad." He's like, "Oh, [ __ ] I've come to accept it. I think you're a good-looking guy. And I like how weathered you look. Thank you. You look I think you look healthy right now. Thank you. Right now. Hair and makeup. Where's my No, he goes through phases. Okay. You do. Yeah. Right now you're in a healthy phase, I think. Yeah. Are you saunaing? Did you build that sauna? I'm spending a lot of time. The sauna's up, but my electrician's son died, so we got a hold on plugging it in. Oh [ __ ] But um that's sad. Yeah. But I've been doing a lot of blue crab life and that, you know, being king of the bayou makes me look good. This is the most interesting part about our dad, Jake. Do you know he's the crab king? The king of the bayou in his little area. That's what they call him. Like they call you the guyo. They call him the king of They call you that. Yeah. In tarp. I knew you I knew you were catching crabs, but I never heard of the nickn. They must have just started last week. I mean, we talk almost every every day. What is it? The No, no, no, no. Jake, that's why it's interesting. He hasn't shared it. He's He's hidden this from both of us. He has a hobby. Our dad has a hobby. He No, I know that it's in the show, but I'm saying like I didn't know they called you the king of They actually call me Cobb Kob, King of Bayou. Do you know that me and Jasper's best friend name is Bayou Boys? I didn't know that. It's tattooed right there. Maybe one day you'll be the Bayou King. Yeah, maybe that's where it came from. But if you want to do that, you got to take down the current Bayou. I'm pretty sure I could take you down. I was just Well, I always have guns and knives on me, so you got to be careful. You're in New York. You don't have a gun or a knife on you. Oh [ __ ] Wow. He had a knife on you. Oh. Oh, it's on heat. Oh my god. If you on the show, I would have lost it, bro. Oh yeah. LGP. All right, Call of Duty War Zone fans, the wait is finally over. Verance back on April 3rd. You heard that right. The iconic map we all know and love is returning to Call of Duty War Zone. Starting April 3rd, you'll be able to drop back into Verdans, experience all the chaos, and relive the thrill you've been missing. It's the return of the map that started it all with iconic POIs like Supertore, hospital, prison, and more. Whether you're an OG Call of Duty War Zone fan or are dropping in for the first time for Dance is ready to bring you the action. So, gather your squad, get ready for intense battles, iconic landmarks, and heartping moments that will keep you coming back for more. Experience new gameplay updates, and the return of Verdans era weaponry. Grab your friends and get ready to drop in when Verdance returns on April 3rd. This is the moment you've been waiting for and it's going to be epic. Download Call of Duty War Zone for free and drop into Verdansk on April 3rd. Rated M for mature. See you there, guys. Back to the show. All right. Wait, Pam, Nina, yes. Welcome to the show, guys. I would love to hear from you guys on it. And especially on a topic as big as this new show on Max. What has your guys experience been like filming this show so far? Or has there has there been any moments that have been uh you know red flags for you about what's what's coming down the pipe? I feel like you should answer that, Mom. Why? Cuz you'll have a good answer. Okay. Red flags. Red flags for a red while she's wearing red. Yeah, I'm wearing red. That's why I'm answering this question. Um not not really. I We interact pretty much how we always interact and pretty much can determine what's coming. Um, I think between the boys, meaning dad, Logan, Jake, it's been very comical to watch. You can just sit back and laugh most of the time. Um, and no, I don't think, you know, little arguments maybe between Logan and Jake or between Logan and his dad, but seems like Logan's always involved with the arguments. Oh, hey, that's a good point. He loves conf. She's like arguments, you know. Logan and Jake, Logan his dad, Logan and Nina, Logan, Logan and the dogs. Logan and YouTube. Yeah. No, you haven't gotten into it, have you? Oh, a little bit. Well, you used to call me out on episode one. Yeah, but I but I like that YouTube. Oh, really? I do. I got to call you out even more. I think you should. But she calls me out every day. It's like a Dutch thing. It's a Dutch. I'm just super honest. No, be dude. I appreciate Cander so much. I I loved it. When you did that, I was like, "Fuck yeah, she belongs." Okay, good. But I have also seen him get pushed over the line by cander and honesty. And I will say don't push him. Tread carefully. No, no, no. No, but if I'm always like honest, like why why would he be mad? You know, it's the truth. Yeah. be I my my push back on that would be if I if if what you're saying I feel like isn't the truth then maybe I maybe I will the one way you could piss him off the most is if you're subjective truth does not mesh well with what he considers to be an objective truth he will [ __ ] lose it like so you have to my biggest thing when when debating or arguing with Logan is I'm not even kidding bring statistical data bring a actual journal with take notes so like when you're when you're showing up. Okay. But you make great points. You make great points. And your your point in episode one was that, you know, I haven't always been the best big brother. And like it's been something it's been something interestingly enough I've gotten to like work on throughout the season. And uh yeah, I think you I think you like fit so well in this family. Thank you. What do you think of having Greg Paul as a father-in-law? I think he's pretty great. Like he's he's better than like we always say like oh Greg Paul Greg Paul but he I think he's great. He has a small heart. He has just a big mouth and he talks a lot. Sorry. I think we might add a language. I translated it like literally out of Dutch. A small a small heart. Oh a big heart. We say small heart like that's like a cute heart. You have a big heart and a big mouth. Yeah. I I'm I'm good with a cute heart. I like that. Yeah, you have a cute heart. Yeah, that's Speaking of people with cute hearts, I think one of the people on the show today wrote a birthday card for another person. It's her birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday, Nina. Happy birthday, Nina. Would you like to forego the personal moment alto together and read the card out loud for the word? No. Should I Should I be reading it? No. No. It's Keep it for later. Yeah. It's just It's just a card from me to you. To babe from babe. Um I'll save it. Yeah, you can save it. Can I build off of that point really quick and ask you another question? Sure. How have you guys decided on this reality show which moments you want to keep sacred to your lives and which moments you want to expose to the world? Uh I don't I don't really care. Yeah, that filter is not like super existent for us. We were on Good Morning America this morning and the guy was asking that question as well and it it's so funny cuz I actually had this conversation with John Cena too like once backstage. She's like, "You just film everything. Like, I don't I don't understand." And I we got like into like a philosophical like how important I believe documenting is. And we've crossed the threshold of like strangers opinions. And and once you get past the idea that like, oh, I'm going to be judged and there are going to be people that won't like me. I've accepted that I'm good and confident in who I am. You can move forward. And we've kind of put our like best interests of self aside for the sake of entertainment. And we've been doing it for decades and now we have these amazing women in our lives who normally people don't see really like that intimate side of us. Like I keep saying this like seeing him in love in season one with Utah is just like like you I've never seen this side of me. Really? I even felt like in season one they really like wanted to show us more as a sp sports couple. I feel like in real life we were even more like that. So, and you guys the story was of course like with the baby was more like the loving side and us was more like the sport side of it. But I think in season 2 they would show that more because to me we also just filmed so much you and I like you guys are all that is true. That is super hard for us to film. Yeah. When you get together there will be much more moments like that but like we just filmed so much all our [ __ ] Yeah, we did. Yeah. Was it interesting for you being pregnant for the first season of a reality show? Because while the audience will get like mostly pretty much who we all are, you're going through all these hormones and there's these big [ __ ] cameras in your face as you're pregnant. Was that was did you feel like you got slight? No, that was not me. That was pregnant Nina. Okay. Yeah. Like now we have Nina back. She's finally back. But it was definitely one of the reasons why I was nervous to do the show cuz it's like you go through so much as a woman when you go through a pregnancy and especially the first one like you just don't know what to expect and I didn't know how I was going to react with the hormones and with the body changes and mentally and physically and I was like really nervous about having cameras all over the [ __ ] place and having to look at myself all the time when this was happening cuz I think it can be tough for girls to see that transformation. information. Obviously, it's so beautiful, but like it's still like your body's Mhm. changing at a rapid pace. Um, so I feel like if we get a season 2 inshallah, then you'll actually get to see who Nah is cuz that was pregnant Nina. She was probably nicer. Who? Pregnant Nina? Yeah. Really? Yeah, I think so. She was very nice. Yeah, she was really nice. Yeah, like motherly feelings. Yeah, she was sweeter. I think Logan's shaking his head a little. What do you think? Uh-huh. Don't be careful. Be careful, Logan. Yeah. Tread. Yeah. Oh, no. No. I made a rule. I made a rule. When Nina was pregnant, I was like, you know what? It was a motto. I just go with even if Nah's wrong, she's right. What did you say? What was it? It was uh even even if you're wrong, you're still right. And I'm wrong for thinking that you were wrong cuz you're right. Yeah. Something like that. And and by the way, it was smooth. It was a great saying just for that nine months. I'm going to learn that. It worked. It worked. Even the Even though Even if you're wrong, even if you're wrong, you're right. And I'm wrong for even thinking you're wrong cuz you're right. Yeah. They say it's the secret to good. Is that just Is that just happy? Happy wife, happy. Okay. So, this whole Hold on. The whole happy wife, happy life thing. Here we go. It's [ __ ] Let me let let me tell you how being divorced divorced. Right. Wait along with come from a divorced parent, right? Along with along with 50% of America who's divorced. So what about I think it's like 70%. What about what about happy spouse, happy house? Most of the guys that I know say happy wife, happy life. They're [ __ ] miserable. They're cheating. Their wives are cheating. It's [ __ ] Happy wife, happy [ __ ] life. [ __ ] that. Happy spouse, happy house. Why can't it go both ways? Both way. That's right. Absolutely. Okay. So, so, so if I say happy wife, happy life, how is that both ways? It's not Well, then follow it up with happy spouse. There's an add-on everyone. Maybe you should come up with your own cool little slogan. No, I just did. I think I just did. Yeah, that happy house, happy spouse, happy. Did you trademark that? I did. Cool. Mom, I understand you're not completely satisfied with your representation in the show on season one. Can you talk a little bit about how you feel? Why am I being put on the spot about this? Because I know you think you're way more interesting than you were portrayed in season one. I am way more interesting than I was portrayed in season one. How do you feel? Um, how do I feel about that? You just said how I felt about that. I think that my I have so much more um in my personality that didn't get shown. Number one, I'm married, which probably most people don't even know. Um, wait, was he just not shown at all? He was just not ever introduced. He was omitted. Oh, he was completely. No, he was he was pretty He was introduced. No, I mean, you were in the living room and you gave him a kiss and he said, "This is Yeah, that we we forced that to happen." There was a few things that were forced to happen because of that, you know, because of me saying something. So, shout out to David. I love you. And um he believes in happy wife, happy life. So it's awesome. Goes back to what I was saying. And so um I know I'm just more like it was always so serious I think when they were you're spunky. Like people need to see that you're like a little and she's athletic. She's the most competitive out of all of you guys. Like I I think definitely in season two, inshallah, Pam should have a little more air time. Rubbing off on the so much, God willing, there is way more. There was just so much footage. It was like nearly impossible to do this. Yeah. To to figure it all out. That's what they kept saying to me, but there could have been a little bit more um just quick. It doesn't have to be, you know, some big segment. Um, but I liked when they came back and included Utah's personality better. I I thought that was really good. And by the way, I thought you did great, Nina, being pregnant and being filmed. Yeah. I mean, I was I I look back at it, I'm like, I don't know how she did that. And you did it with a smile. I think you did. So, question. How do you guys maintain ba based on this kind of not resentment, but like just unhappiness with how things turned out? How do you guys maintain? Wait, no. We're having Pam. Pam specifically being a little bit upset or whatever. How do you guys maintain who you actually are versus you two who have the opportunity at any given time to slip back into that more performative like Pam, I'll tell you what. If you had done a backflip off the roof into the [ __ ] pool in season one, that would have made it. They would have left it out. No. No. They would have made it. It would have made it. I had to Do you hear what I'm saying, though? Like, why? Like, do you guys feel like you need to compete for airtime? Do you feel like you need to act performative to get on C? Like, there's a there's there's there's a difference, Mom. And I I love you. This might hurt your feelings a little bit. Well, why don't you not say it then? Never thought of that. No, because I think you should I think you should know it. The spunky part of your personality is not the majority of your personality. True or false? You're put together 80% of the time. Plus, I would say, which is needed. Yeah. She Yeah. And by the way, that's how they portrayed her in the show. She's like the level-headed sweet mother, which she is 8, no 90% of the time. 10% of the time about post 8:00 p.m. Donna the video. Yeah, we could see Pam going crazy once she gets a little wine in her. Jake and I are we got screws loose like most of the time. Watch Pam had a fight or the turkey bowl on Thanksgiving, Christmas. Yeah. So, there is footage though. That's that's kind of what I'm saying. like they came and they saw us play football. I made a touchdown. They did come and had my tennis friends. We all played a match and you know, so that's the part that Yeah, but but I mean they didn't show to be fair with the Turkey Bowl like uh I was clearly the MVP. You were like, "No, you didn't get awarded the MVP." Wiki, but I was clearly the MVP. That was like a That was like a guilt trip like new family member. caught one pass. MVP. I had three touchdowns, like probably over a 100 rushing yards, an an inter an interception. Yeah, you did. And almost a forced fumble, but we won't even count that. With a bad ankle, but Logan, that did not hurt my feelings at all. You're right. Like, I'm Yes. So, what I'm saying, my suggestion would be what he just said. Go back. When that when that red light is on, go crazy. Put give them content they have to put in the show. Cause cause some drama. Good note. Good note. Cause some drama. Like start cursing out your ex-husband. Yeah. Go ahead, Greg. Yeah. Say something to him now. I'm too nice. Cuz you guys you guys had an episode where there was a little bit of a back and forth. What are you talking about? Episode six. Episode six. Yeah, that one was heavy. Yeah, these [ __ ] trying to come at my ass on everything. Yeah. Well, can you guys tell me what happened? No, you have to watch the show like everyone else. Fair enough. No problem. It's actually one of those things where Do you have a HBO Max account? I'm very I still call it Cinemax. Logan comments on my how old I am all the time. I don't I don't know. I'm sure I do. He yells at me when I'm not coming down for supper. And to watch my favorite program, which is Jeopardy. Sorry. Damn. You're Yeah, I'm getting there, dude. I love Meatloaf. What does a mechanic and auto shop owner in Georgia, a taco restaurant operator in Arizona, and a life-saving medical innovator in Tennessee have in common? Anyone, Mike? Is it that they're all small businesses? They are, and they're all thriving on Tik Tok. Across the US, over 7.5 million businesses, from family-owned shops to entrepreneurs, are using Tik Tok to compete and grow. In fact, 74% of businesses on Tik Tok say Tik Tok's allowed them to scale their operations, increasing sales and expanding to new locations. And that growth means jobs. Today, there are over 7.5 million US businesses on Tik Tok, employing more than 28 million people. And that number keeps growing. Small businesses thrive on Tik Tok. Learn more about Tik Tok's contribution to the US economy at Tik Tok economic impact.com. Back to the show. Uh, okay. Here's a question. How do you continue to oneup the the episode or the season before? Like, like, let me ask you guys this question. as a as a unit, as a family unit. You just had a historic fight against Mike Tyson. You're running the the the WWE. You're the best Olympic, you know, skate uh speed skater of in the history of the world. Nah's a mom and a model and all these incredible things and just become such an awesome part of this whole dynamic. GP is an established Crab uh Bayou King, Panza Gymnastics. How do you continue to provide and level up when it seemingly feels like we've we've reached some sort of pinnacle, right? Not even close, bro. We're we're just getting started. But also doing more repetitions of the show. We're going to get better at filming it and being able to tell these storylines cuz there's still so many things that are missed throughout. Still like popping out kids. We got a marriage. We got an engagement. We have bigger bigger fights to come, you know, world championships, WWE champ, and even truthfully, some of your guys strongest personalities are some of the friends that haven't even been introduced. No, that's what's crazy is like we had this conversation. We had this conversation. We want the show to be even more personal this next season and less about the big events. I think the funniest moments are when it's literally just the boys and and the girls like talking [ __ ] hanging out. 100%. It's what we we realized watching the episodes back. Like the the the pitch for the show was like Jake's going to box in front of 60,000 people the next weekend. I'm frog splashing in front of the same number in a stadium. What does that look like behind the scenes? It's this it's these big events, the lore. And that's I think why Max bought the show. But in filming, we realized that most of the best moments were just us at home. Like like I said it from the beginning. Yeah. I said, "You guys have to say, I want to be a reality TV star cuz that is what's going to be successful and that's what people want to see. They want to see like people behind the scenes." What we did at Thanksgiving dinner when we were Nobody's filmed this. Everybody we're all tilting our cameras getting different angles. The gauntlet. You need to use that footage. We We got It got We got Yeah, we got It got heated. Yeah, there was We always get in arguments. Well, that and that's what people want to see. And when you and when you think about it, like all the stuff you guys are talking about, the Wrestlemania stuff, the boxing, we're already seeing that. We're already seeing all that stuff. And and you didn't have to realize that the the real meat was behind the scenes because both of y'all already know it. How many times did you guys concept a vlog out and use 90% of the conversation in the car before the big concept actually even happened? All of the all of the real payoff is behind the scenes. You're right. I guess just that's not how it's certainly not how I thought this was going to go. It's it we were like it's gonna be like a docu series reality. It's not a reality show, but Nina from day one was like dude it's got to be a reality TV show. She's 100% right. For success for sure. Yeah. For long-term success. And so season one is is an interesting hybrid, but in season two, I believe we're going to lean more into like reality TV, which is a bit well include more and like the vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable vulnerable moments and like the real moments and conversations and emotions and all of that. Well, you know, the other thing is a lot of people like, "Oh, it's scripted." And and none of the [ __ ] we're doing is scripted. Dude, I when I saw those comments, I was like, "Wow, I forgot this might be a concern." Like, "Oh, like like all you dumb [ __ ] out there that think that GP is going to do any scripting [ __ ] you can kiss my white ass. It ain't going to happen." Needs, you know, needs I want to ask you a question. Uh, so you you you put a lot out there this season, specifically episode seven. Yeah. Episode seven of eight, you gave birth to our daughter. Yep. And like that had to feel pretty vulnerable for you. It's definitely not hard to watch, but it's like I haven't put myself out there in a while, and here I am putting all of me out there. Yeah. You know, it's like it's so many emotions and like sounds and I thought it was done in like a super beautiful way though. Done really beautifully. Did you see the first cut though? The first go was a lot. I I I didn't watch any of the first go after the It was ridiculous. Sorry. Were the cameras in the delivery room? No, I I filmed it. I don't know how you managed to do that. While supporting me, Logan was able to film the entire thing like perfectly capture all the moments from like, you know, my emotions to Esme's first cry to her going to get weighed to you being there. Like, it was fascinating. I was like, "Wow, all these vloggers been practicing since we were nine. No, we were like, do we bring a videographer? We we thought about bringing my best friend Taylor, who's a videographer, and I was just like, I just want it to be you. Like, I want it to be intimate, and it's it's our moment. I don't think there's another person on the planet that has the level, the capability to multitask, true production value with really living in the moment at the same time. Did you actually Were you in the moment when she was born? I totally was. It was, babe. It was It was hard to not be completely cemented in that moment. It was so [ __ ] beautiful all day. And you looked I looked. I looked. You didn't Did you ever pass out at all? No, I didn't pass out. They told me. They told me. But they told me when she got her epidural, which is [ __ ] by the way. They shoved this this needle this long in her back like this. Like, and they told me not to look away cuz some or to look away cuz some husbands like like actually pass out. out and I'm like, "This can't be that bad." And sure enough, it was that bad. But, uh, no, no, no. I I was able to, it was just such a It was such an amazing moment. And like that was part of this like like theory, like this calling I have to to document. Like, dude, the moment Esme was born is captured on camera. But this is this is what I wanted to bring up is I have a gripe to pick with my parents here because and also questions because cameras like didn't exist when I was born. and you guys had a videographer in the room and I'm sitting here watching a first cut of an episode and I see myself being [ __ ] born on camera and you guys have failed to mention that. Never showed me. And why the [ __ ] did you have a videographer in there? Well, we were saving that for this show, bro. No, Jake. Jake, I saw I saw that footage and I nearly wept. I was like I was like this is Jake Jake doesn't know this exists. What the [ __ ] And though they threw it in a cut and sent to you as a draft. I was [ __ ] pissed. I sent them a note like you have ruined a moment in my life for me and my brother and our family. Yeah, you were very mad. Yeah, but what but how you guys had this footage never going to be like hey here's you being born. I told you we were saving it for the show. Bro, I want a [ __ ] real answer. Okay, I'm going to give a real answer. Back in the day, 28 years ago, 30 years ago, when you guys were born, um, we had that video camera because my dad gave it to us and he was into filming. Um, how we thought to bring it to the hospital, I have no idea. And a nurse was filming, not handed it to a nurse. Yeah. Yo, grab this, grab this, grab this. This shit's about to happen right now, dude. So, I don't even remember how we thought of that cuz we did not do that when Logan was born cuz we were in an operating room because he was a C-section. So, we you couldn't bring a camera. But we know we do have that where they're like, "You might have something where I'm standing there and they're and I'm holding the camera and I'm looking over the thing where you're draped and and all you hear on camera is somebody counting one, two, and they're counting sponges, towels to soak up blood and stuff like that. So they they count 30 that they used. They want to get 30 back so they make sure So they don't forget one. Yeah. So they don't leave one in the body. Always. But imagine the [ __ ] out a towel that they forgot in the No, stay in there. So, so then we get home and it's not like you guys, you're always reviewing stuff and you're looking, you know, at your photos. That's not really what we did with the camera away and then what are we going to do? Show it to a three, four, five, sixy old. I I don't think we ever even thought of that. And then we get divorced and some of this, you know, film stuff goes with me and some photos with your dad. And never occurred to me, you never asked to see or say, "Did you film my birth?" I never even occurred to me that that would be something really important to you. I apologize for that, but I just didn't think of it. Why Why is that, by the way, why is that so important to you? You just want to see yourself being Bro, because like that's sick. what we're creators and like influencers and we changed the space forever and the fact that you're I was born on camera. Yeah, that's what that's what I would have said like we've always said like oh we've lived our whole life on camera literally been on camera the whole time. It kind of confirms your story. Yeah. Yeah. It was the whole time. It was like an for me. I'm getting actually goosebumps here. Like and it was a confirmation of identity like like no no wonder we film everything. The it's his first moment on this planet was caught on camera. And yours is too cuz but with yours there's not much. All all they hear is um Dr. uh what was her name? Wam. Wooh. Yeah. She goes shout out shout out. She shout out. She's like hey yo it's a boy. you know, and that's all we hear. But everything was draped, so we couldn't really see you like we could with Jake regardless. And and I know where we got this idea. Our neighbor Joyce across the street filmed her delivery and she invited us over to watch it, but when her her filming was from this angle, that's you and Cardi. Well, and she's so she's a doctor and she didn't even warn us. Like we're all sitting there and all the dudes are like, "Wow, yeah, that's crazy." So that's crazy. So we're like, "All right, we're going to do it, but we'll do it over the shoulder and we'll keep remember that now." I was going to keep her knees draped so it can be something it can be viewed by anybody and all you're seeing is a baby. It was awesome. Except we never showed anybody, Jake. And it was YouTube friendly. It was done in a way that you possibly could have shown. Yes, it's it's the same angle as Esme almost. Yeah, it's it's in it's in the show. It's I I was gonna ask I mean you answered it but like what what like inspired you guys to do that because you were way ahead of your time in terms of of filming and and the one time when I was filming you in the kitchen and I said cuz it's in the show too. You're like nobody's going to watch this. I'm like I'm filming all this stuff and who's going to watch us besides your dad and I like classic. You know what's you know what's sad about this Mr. and Mrs. Beast. That's right. There is a lot of there is a lot of uh situations like this where that childhood footage goes missing after a divorce. I speak on it from it's a topic I know very well because when you have a home with two people that love each other in it, those are the most, you know, sacred parts of the house. They're kept in a very important spot and there's a huge argument. It's just sad. I don't know. It's sad. It's a sad It's a sad part of divorce. I mean, a lot of that stuff goes missing and that's why you didn't see the video. That's But what would you say your biggest trauma is besides that though? It's a heroin. Wait, is this like a part of the show or something? You just don't have any [ __ ] empathy for my sad sadness? It's a tick. I'm having a tough time. It's a Tik Tok. Are you okay? Yes, I'm fine. This has nothing to do with I heard I heard How is the breakup? What the [ __ ] dude? You know what's so funny? Oh my god. Whenever one of my friends get goes through a breakup, the man's post after you can always tell when they're broken up and post him. Son, I did not travel. No, that's not true. I didn't do any of that stuff, bro. What? I've just been working and they start posting more. It's like an increased cadence by 3x. How is the breakup going? How long it is? How how would it be if you woke up at the first Why did you ask me then? All right. All right. All right. So So should we talk about Mike for a little bit? No, no, no, no. This there was a reason why I wasn't coming on today. Originally, I wasn't supposed to be on the show. I wanted to act as a moderator just in case there was a fight or just in case we needed to ask more important questions, which is what I want to do right now. What is the roll out strategy? What are we doing tonight? Like what's the plan here? Yeah. Oh. Oh, today's sick. Yeah. So, uh, we will be the first ever premiere to take place in Time Square. So, they're showing the episode. Let's go. Yeah, they're showing the full episode one. There's like a a stage in Time Square, apparently. And by the way, aren't you guys supposed to be on it in about 15 minutes? No, we'll leave. We'll leave shortly. But, but but but yeah. Yeah. Dude, dude, Max like Max went hard in their marketing budget for this show, which is sick because, man, they they they really believe in it. and like this will be our forever home as long as they'll have us. They're such great partners and they they like rolled out the red carpet. Like I said, and I'll even say it again, they rolled out the red carpet. Um they they put a boxing a boxing ring on stage. I think Jake and I are going to spar. Oh, so they really rolled out the red carpet. Yeah. So So there's actually a red carpet. Yeah, there actually is. Is it just Is it just Pam? Yeah. Is Wait. They won't even be able to see you. How are you? I don't know if you're on it. Well, you don't like my outfit. Well, on a red carpet, it might be You'll just be a floating head. I brought a red dress. Yeah. Oh. Oh, red dress. All right. All right. Uh uh. Uh oh. Oh. Oh. You know, Cinemax was always my Cinemax was always my favorite network because at night they would show nudies at 11:30 p.m. they would show Softcore porn. Do they still do that on that channel? I don't think so. Well, this is a family show. HBO Max, right? What's that? Cinemax doesn't make a good Yeah. Smax. Is that even around? Yeah. I don't know what that is. What are you guys talking about? How old are you, Mike? I think he's going through a breakup. Cinemax turned into HBO. Okay. I would like to give Nina my present. Suck ass. Suck ass. Brown nose. Brown nose. Brown nose. It's my birthday. It's her birthday and she needs a present. And then since it's also Damn it. I love my car. This is also my flower. Your birthday is coming up. Don't look yet. Okay. Is it a shrimp? Whoa. You want me to open it now? Is it a Lamborghini? Okay. Just for fun. What is this? Oh my god. Oh, this is amazing. Oh my god. She's going to look amazing in this. I don't think it's going to fit. She's not pretty. It's not going to fit her mom. It's going to fit her for a second. And she is so Nina loves clothes and she loves clothes for Esme. I like clothes for Esme more than I like clothes for me to be honest. Well, too bad. She set out that will fit you. Wow. A nice little bra. No, it's a workout outfit. Oh my gosh. Are you telling me to get my ass back in the gym? Is that absolutely not. This is what she wears every day in Puerto Rico. So, I just added to her collection. So sweet. Thank you. Oh, that's so nice. Nina Nina set out clothes for Esme the other day like to go on our trip to London and she's like mixing and matching these clothes and she said it was so much fun. She's like that was the most fun I've had in a while. Yeah, it was the best time ever. I agree. Get excited. It's literally the best time ever. You just get to dress whatever you want. She can't say anything. So amazing. And she's so she's so cute. She comes out looking like a gangster until she throws up on it which is inevitable. I did want to ask one question too. on the flip side because is it gonna be a good one this time? Yes, I do. I want to know. I want to know someone. I'm sorry, Mike. I'm only doing it for the TikTok. What happened? What happened? And what were your feelings on the Canelo fight uh not happening? Bro, that was like four months ago. Yeah, we got engaged now. So, you're not upset about it at all. Canelo's ducking him. Canelo's ducking him cuz he knows Jake beat his ass. That's uh that's true. No, I'm not upset, bro. I mean, if people want to go I was trying to hit him with a wamp pom [ __ ] moment, but you should have You should have He didn't give me any [ __ ] He answered it like he wasn't upset. Doesn't matter. Hit Do it now. How What are your feelings on it? Shut the [ __ ] up. Uh uh uh. No. Yeah, he's Look, he's a big boxer. Big boxer guy. And he's going to be moving on to the next. Who's the next? Everyone. Like every boxer. Just everyone. Everyone. Everyone. Are you embarrassed by the term reality star or do you or do you feel a certain type of way towards that term? So, no, I'm getting used to it. I think you are the star. Yeah, I do. Rumor is I'm going to be the star, but I don't know for sure. I mean, it'll be a spin-off. Well, hold on. On that note, let me show you something. Oh, here we go. Yeah. Show them. Show them. Show them. Show them. Been a lot of props today. Yeah. This is um what does it say right here? Make America Greg again. All right. Is this is this available somewhere? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, this is amazing. So, you are going to buy that million dollar ring. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So, this available at oldmanfightgeear.com and uh we're going to have hats coming out, but yeah, we're going to make make America great again. I love it. Do you have the domain? Uh, I have the old man Fear. No, you have that domain. That one was Make America. I feel like it's taken. I I think I' I think I've looked it up for you. Yeah, that one's taken. But make America Greg, I've got us all. You also have Greg Paulal.com. You got that one for you. I know. I know. Let us know when you want it. Greg Paul's a liberal. No, it's transferred. He hasn't. Wait, when when America is Greg again, does that mean the uh details of the Houthi air strike will be released to all the group chats or won't be released? No, it's all going to be released. Yeah. Okay% sick because we need those surgical strike details ahead of time for sure. Exactly. And we're not holding anything back. While we're making America Greg again, uh babe, I want to ask you a little bit about motherhood. Really? A little bit maybe. Okay. I just feel like it's so interesting and you haven't really spoken on it and people people will see your motherhood a bit in the show, but yeah. How's it been? You got a six-month old baby. I mean, I guess I do, too. Oh yeah, she's she's half a year today, baby. Like at 12:57 today, I was like 6 months ago, this was a very special moment. Um, let's say that motherhood is a journey, you know, like I feel like you don't know what to expect until it's happening and then even then you're like, what the [ __ ] is happening? Um, and I would be lying if I was like, it's sick. Like the first like 3 to 4 months were honestly so hard like mentally, physically, and I'm so privileged. I have help. I have an amazing husband to be who helps me. I have a mother-in-law. My mom was over here. Like I had so much help. And I was still going through it. Like it's just you go from having those 10 months. It's not your body. And then you give birth, but now you you don't have your life anymore cuz now your life is solely based around this new little person's life, which is incredible. But it it literally goes from being like you make decisions for you to now you have to make decisions for them before you make them for you. And then you come third. So like the dynamic in the relationship is different. Like I I miss you and I can't wait till like she's a little older and we have even more time together. It's it's just a lot. Yeah, that was Oh, wrap it the [ __ ] up. Okay. Well, I love it. Wait, he's talking about condoms. No, I do love it. I do love it. I just want to say that. And I love her. No, I know you do. Yeah. You you you are what? Just the way he said it. I I didn't know he was talking about I thought he was just saying rap the I thought she he was hitting her with a wamp wamp. I was talking about like I just thought this good intro. Yeah. No, we can't get pregnant right now. No. No. Cuz the wedding she doesn't want to be pregnant for the wedding. I understand. Yeah. No, you definitely that would suck to be pregnant. And then what's the timeline for what's the timeline for y'all? Like you have so much stuff coming up. Obviously, both of you guys, right? Like you got to win gold. Well, yeah, I'm going for it. Do you have timeline or um that year we're not going to get married yet? Because I want to plan the wedding and wedding and is that the word? Yeah. Whoa. I have a mind [ __ ] Um I can't speak English anymore. You can. I love you. I love you. You're amazing. You can speak English. Speaking, you know, speaking Dutch actually, we'll translate it. Okay. Now, um, and what did you just You guys understand what I said? No, but we'll translate it. Okay. Yeah, she basically just said that she uh wants to like plan the wedding after the Olympic games so that she could focus on training and then that we'll do it like later probably in 2027. And yeah, and around August kind of I think like that's when you get married. I was going to say like I can get enjoy the time together when you guys are or when you're done with your sport cuz like that's the one thing I'm so happy that you and I did. We took those two years and we just enjoyed each other. Cuz as soon as these children come into the world, the relationship is just it's just different. Like your time is going to be Yeah. It's almost second. The kids are the first priority. You will be third priority. But it kind of already is because of my skating. Like I can't do anything about it, you know? I have to be But then you'll be together after the sport and you No, 100%. So we can That's why we want to like travel for a year. Yeah. I love that. You should. We're really going to do it all and then after I can wait. And then you're popping them out so we can be one big happy family. So true. Can you can you answer this question? Yeah. Yeah. I feel Oh yeah. Oh my gosh. I feel like you should do something in danger. Oh, here. I'll I'll handle that. Okay. Uh keep going and I'll I'll pop in in a second. What do you want to talk about? If you if you do if you do have a baby, that baby say don't say don't stop. This is the fifth time you said this. I just have it's going to be a genetic freak of nature. Like that that baby will be blessed. Blessed beyond all Yeah. Yeah. She big and strong. Shut up baby. Viking baby coming out ready to go to war and speed skate. [ __ ] to war. I saw that picture of you when you were a baby. One picture. No, you when you were like four years old, you had triceps on. You're sitting No, I had a six-pack. You're just sitting here like in a chair like this and your arms are ripped. You're four years old. I was super ripped. Like I wasn't like bulky, but I I just like muscles, you know? I came out of the womb was with muscles. The dad of my dad said, so my grandpa, he said, "She's gonna be an athlete when I just just got born." This day I got born because I was just I was already like I had a six-pack, like ripped, not fat, but like really like muscular. Wow. Okay, Nina, this one's This one's for you, Nina. Okay. Uh, hold on one second. Here we go. [Laughter] What was your question? out of water. Wa. That was kind of sad. I literally said you smell so [ __ ] bad when you fart. Oh, this was the question. Dude, come on. It sounded like crazy. That was hot. This was the question. This was the question, man. Logan, you were like, "Tell me again." Does he smell very bad? What? Does Logan fart a lot? And if he does, do they smell very bad? I love you, bro. It's like, you know, that point, you know, that point in a relationship where you're like, you could fart. That's called day one for me. You and I are very different. I I was a You You're a day one fart. Not day one, but like pretty early on. Yo, that's insane because because you have to you have to remember you have to remember uh farting is a very good way to gauge your partner's like sense of humor and ability to be like cool with you being a person, a human. So if you can let out a cool fart, dude, like a week in and they laugh at it and they laugh at it, bro. Well, this morning I laugh. Yeah. I I Do you know what I'm saying? Like that's like, bro, this morning I I ripped one for like 7 seconds and I was like, "Good morning." I thought she woke she she stood up and walked to the bathroom and I thought she was still in there. Oh, so Oh, she hold them in. I'm so like I'm respectful. I'm respectful. I'm not saying it's not about you weren't. It can be it it there's a lot girls will sometimes say and this is my type of girl like which girl that was a good that was a good one babe. Like they'll hype you up on the size of your fart. So you don't know this. That's crazy. I don't want that. Why? Because because bro, I'll be honest with you. Part of the reason that I fart in front of Nina is to get a reaction. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. No, not a good one. I don't want her to gas me up. I'm gassed myself up with my gas. What is her reaction to him? Her e get away from putrid like smelly farts are that's completely different. I mean, bro, you farting to smell good. What are you doing? No, mine are very loud. They don't smell. Sometimes yours are quiet but Oh, silent but deadly. Awful. Dude, the the first time I farted in front of her, I was I couldn't look myself in the mirror. He was so embarrassed. Do you still do you still poop in the No, we don't do all that. His His doesn't really smell. They're loud though. But they're loud. That's shocking. Mostly. That's shocking because you smell them through all night. Yeah. Oh, Jake. No, because you just You look smelly. W I wear W available at That's it. Make America Greg again. Make America Greg again. Let's go. Eat Lunchley. Munchly. Whoa. Buy 10 burger and the fifth vital. What else? Anything else? Watch my Olympics. Yeah, eat dog house. Uh, drink invest anti- fun. Um, signed a sign to MVP boxing. True breath. Um, yeah, that's HBO Max. Yeah. March 27th. Oh, download better. Download better. Sorry. Oh, and and stick around. Season two is going to be better. No, 100%. I think so, too. Yeah. Well, we always trying to prove. We're always trying to improve on what we do. Um, yeah. Let's go to Let's go to Time Square and do the first ever premiere in Time Square. Everybody, let's go. Hey, thanks for watching this episode of Impulsive. Our reality show is out now on Max. Check it out. Like and subscribe. Five.
