<!-- youtube-transcripts/_raw/logan-paul-paul-american-review.raw.md -->

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ds8W6U2jfJ4

I Watched Paul American so You Don't Have To

Jaime French
979K subscribers

Subscribe

19K

Share

Ask

Save

435,920 views Apr 18, 2025
Did you guys watch Paul American? Are you fans of the Paul brothers? Tell me what you think and what other shows to roast!

My husband's channel:‪​⁠ ‬ ​‪@NickPurlerMusic‬

‬ ▼▼▼▼ BE MY FRIEND ▼▼▼▼
📸 INSTAGRAM: @jaime.french
🆇: @jaimepantss
TikTok: @jaimefrench

💌 Brand Deal/Sponsor Inquiries » jaime@jakerosenentertainment.com
💌 Acting/Entertainment Inquiries » Lynn Pattnosh @ LMPmanagementproduction@gmail.com  
💌 Agent » Kya McCullum at Universal Attractions Agency kya@universalattractions.com

Write and edited by: me ;)

We're filming our lives. Sort of like a reality show. We're pitching a show. We're doing this show. To do this show, this exact TV show. All American. A reality television show. The reality TV show. Doing a new show. Doing the show. We're making a show. The show. The show. Doing a show. Pitch this show. Part of the show. Doing the show. Will you guys stop? Stop. I'm Jimmy Fridge. I need all you dozens of viewers out there just tell me how you like this. All right. Welcome. Welcome to the show. What a time to be alive. Am I right, guys? The world we live in is quite strange for many reasons, but one of the things that comes to my mind is that nowadays you could become famous for doing quite literally nothing. Or perhaps not nothing, but like something not that good. For example, a drunk joke, a bad dance move, seasoning your meat, or even tonguing your twin brother are just a few of many things that can earn you fame, fortune, and the collective hatred of every person on the planet. Not only can you become famous by doing nothing, but you can also stay famous even after you prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that you're really not that great of a person. That's right, friends. We all like to cry about cancel culture. I hear about cancel culture all the time and how terrible it is, but I've never actually seen anybody be really cancelled. Like, sure, I've seen people maybe go from like 15 million subscribers down to a measly 11 million. And a lot of creators who get cancelled might even take some time off for a while to reflect on their poor choices. but they always come back and often times they pretend like nothing happened. So in other words, cancel culture, does it really exist? Cancel culture can suck my ass all day long. Well friends, when it comes to both being famous for doing literally nothing and being cancelled all the time for being greedy, dishonest, scummy, scammy con artists, there seem to be two reigning kings. Maybe you've heard of them. I'm talking about the Paul brothers. Go yourself. Now look, I know it's a bit of a stretch to say that they got famous by doing literally nothing. I know that they did stuff, okay? They made really good YouTube videos. Don't call back again. They've made some incredibly moving music. [Applause] Also, they both have a pulse, so that that's a that's a that's an accomplishment. They made some funny videos on Vine. I actually admittedly got a chuckle or two out of their Vine videos back in the day. That one they made about crackalacking. Do we have any more crackers? Uh, no. I think I think we're crackle lacking. That was pretty funny. What else? Uh, they stole each other's girlfriends. They mastered YouTube's algorithm. What else? Um, oh, right. They also did a bunch of heinously terrible things. I've made a severe and continuous lapse in my judgment. Like remember that time Logan, the older one, posted uncensored footage of a man who had committed suicide onto his YouTube channel and used the tragedy for like clicks and views? Well, you never ever stand next to that guy? No. You remember that? Or remember very recently when he um committed actual fraud and created like a crypto scam that he promoted to his young audience and swindled him out of a bunch of money? And remember remember when the youngest brother Jake like said a bunch of racist stuff and also scammed his young audience out of their money? Well friends, guess what happens in 2025 when you do stuff like this. Any guesses? I'll tell you what it is. You get your own reality TV show. We're the true American family. You better stop. Stop. And then goofy goofy goobery YouTubers like myself watch it. For some reason, I watched it so you don't have to. Also, because I had nothing better to do. So, yeah. I watched uh the Paul Brothers new reality show entitled Paul American, which hey, say what you will about them. The name is very clever. It's very clever. Um, and I couldn't contain myself from making a video about this big steaming pile of fun. I think the show's going to tank to be honest with you. Who the is watching this? [Music] Oh, contrue. I watched two entire episodes. You guys are welcome for my service. Okay, so in a sense, this show is sort of like a typical reality show. Like there's no real structure or anything. It's just like a camera crew follows the Paul brothers around while they live their lives. They're very extravagant and over-the-top lives. And of course, there's a lot of like clearly staged drama, obnoxiously annoying family members, emotional and serious music added to segments that aren't that emotional or serious. When we both started training together, that was so healthy for our relationship because we were doing things together. You get it? It's like a It has all the elements of like a typical insufferable reality show, but somehow this one's worse than all of them combined. And I'm not just saying that because of the Paul Brothers. Like I really I go into everything trying to be so fair and so objective and so non-biased, but this show sucks. Mhm. So the first thing I was struck by uh when watching this, apart from like the obvious obnoxiousness, I was very struck by the meta nature of this show. I just recently learned what that word means and I've been I've been using it. Mhm. I think it's the word I'm looking for. They spend so much of the first episode like reminding us that we're watching a reality show. Does that make sense? Today is the marketing shoots and photo shoots and promo shoots for Paul American, but like not in a fun way. I don't get the same excitement from this as I do when I'm watching a movie and like the actor looks at the camera or something or I see the camera crew and the reflection of a vehicle. This was just a little bit weird. Now, perhaps I just don't watch enough reality TV. Admittedly, I used to like it when I was really young, but I I have a hard time getting into it now. However, I have watched reality TV and I don't remember this many occurrences where the cast members are talking about the show that they're in. We're making a show. Like, we're actually making a show. Like, very much of this first episode is is just a bunch of weird like self referential clips. For example, um Logan Paul has a fiance named Nah. She's like a prominent character in this series and Nenah expresses a lot of concern. She doesn't really think that doing this show is a good idea. So they have this whole bit where Logan creates like a PowerPoint presentation to convince her to do it. But like are we not supposed to notice that the camera crew is already there filming it? Filming this cameras are not relaxing to me. So clearly the show has already been agreed to and is happening. I mean I definitely don't know if I want to have a child and a baby and do all of that while we're doing a new show. The same thing with this family meeting. Okay. There's a big Paul family meeting. The whole family is sitting around expressing their concerns and and ideas and stuff about filming the show, but the camera crew is already there filming the show. Was that weird or am I weird? We also have to sit there and watch the Paul brothers like pitch the show that we're watching to different studios like via Zoom meetings. And yet again, the filming is already happening. The camera crew is already there filming them doing it. So anyway, this isn't the focus of this video, but if you decide to watch this series, I think you should be aware that you're going to be reminded that you're watching a series every 5 seconds. We're filming our lives like a reality show. We're filming our lives sort of like a reality show. We're pitching a show. We're doing this show to do this show. This exact TV show. All American. A reality television show. Reality TV show. Doing a new show. Doing the show. We're making a show. This show. The show. Doing a show. Pitch this show. Part of the show. Doing this show. Who the is watching this? Okay, but let's get into like the actual people who are in this show. So, we obviously have the Paul brothers, Logan and Jake, but we have um a plethora of other people. My personal favorite is the dad. He seems like a true gem of a person. We also beat the out of people multiple times. Where have I been a liability? Name a time. Have to punch you in the face. Go yourself. We also have their mom. I can't remember her name right now, but they have a mom. Like, I'm like very emotional. Like, why? I don't know. It's like really, but you guys created all this. Yeah. Just I love seeing my sons pose erotically with with guns and money. And there's also like the girlfriends. Nah, which is which is Logan's uh like fiance. And then Uta, which is Jake's girlfriend. The girl these girls are like the only ones I like. They seem pretty normal. Then again, they chose these guys as their life partner. So maybe they're not totally all there, but but they seem very likable. I'm that And apart from that, at least in the first two episodes that I watched, it's it's mainly those characters and then we get some glimpses of like their friends who are really just paid employees, like people who are paid to be there, like they're minions, you know what I mean? Now, this was probably the closest I've ever actually paid attention to the Paul brothers themselves and their personalities. Normally, it would just be like I would see their name in the thumbnail of a YouTube video or I'd see an article about their latest scandal or something and I would read it a little bit and then move on. But I didn't realize until watching this that I had never actually heard them speak more than like a few words, more than Logan being like, I have made a serious unforgivable lapse in judgment or whatever it was that he said in that apology video. Severe and continuous lapse in my judgment. And I was pretty struck by Jake in particular's like cadence of speech. Yeah, I I don't know if I've still like I it still hasn't, you know, I just like suppressed. But more striking than than Jake's speech cadence perhaps was their respective personalities and how vastly different they are and how pretty genuine their hatred appears to be for each other. You don't even have a single friend, bro. He's constantly trying to tear me down. gaslighting, delusional, ego-driven narcissist who I can't even trust, man. Now, on one hand, like that fight was clearly staged in the name of entertainment. Like, people do this for reality TV all the time. On the other hand, we find out during episode one that they have like actual real beef with each other. That runs pretty deep. For example, I had absolutely no idea that Logan um literally stole Jake's girlfriend back in the day in real life. Logan was jealous that I got the the hot girl. Think I can make this happen? What do you think? I think so. Okay, let's do it. Look back at it now and I'm just I'm ashamed. That's actually insane. I cannot comprehend even looking in the genital erection. I mean, general direction of any of my sister's husbands/boyfriends. That is okay. Different strokes. I guess my favorite part of this whole debacle was the dad's response. There's plenty of tail out there. You don't need to rail the tail that your other buddy was railing. Man, I love me a dude who refers to women as tail. It's very, very charming. But that is far far from the only time that the dad absolutely charmed me throughout the two episodes I watched. First of all, what's his name again? Oh yeah, Greg. Greg Paul is a flavor of ice cream, brother. On one hand, he seems like truly awful and on the other hand, I kind of dig him. He's got that like very carefree. I'm going to be myself. I'm going to do and say whatever I think and I don't take no stuff from nobody type of attitude. I like it's like a little sprinkle of Joey Bro. Like what I love about Joey, bro, you know, if I could blow up all of LA right now with a button, I'd do it in a hard time. Oh. Uh, never mind. I was also surprised to hear they hinted a few times, at least in the first episode, um, they kind of alluded to like the the fact that the dad was quite abusive when they were growing up. Yeah, man. My dad was physical with us, which does give me empathy for them. It really does. But at the same time, a rough childhood is not a license to do crummy things to other people, right? We learned that from from Cory Feldman. Well, I got enemas. Again, I really liked this family meeting in episode 1 where they're like everyone's sitting around sort of calmly talking and Greg is just getting crazy violent and aggressive for no reason. Shut the [ __ ] up. Where have I been a liability? Name a time. That guy was boring as I don't give a who you over it, man. What the I punch you in the face. If I could blow up all of LA right now with a button, I'd do it in hard. That's terrorism. I mean, there's one in every family, right, guys? There's always one. There's always one uncle that sits around threatening to wipe out entire cities of people, you know, while petting a cute little doggy at the same time. And look, say what you will about Gregory Paul, but he's at least proud of his sons. I'm more proud of of who they're becoming. You know, you're thinking all the worst things. And luckily, they're just working hard. Yep. Luckily, they're working hard running crypto scams and stealing each other's girlfriends and taking money from two-year-olds. You guys probably don't believe me, but I actually went into this kind of wanting to like them. That's just how my brain works. It gets me in trouble all the time, but I like I always have compassion for the bad guy. Like even the bad guy in movies, I'm like, "Well, maybe he had a rough childhood." Also, when it comes to the internet, I never feel like we really know the whole story. I'm like, "Well, what's their side of the story?" I think it's like part of my assber. I don't know. But I was going into this like optimistic like wanting to like them and I just I didn't feel any likability coming through the screen except except except except when Nina in episode 2 finds out she's pregnant. Oh my god. Oh my god. I'm not going to lie. I cried a little bit about that and then I cried again when they told the mom over FaceTime. Will you guys stop? Stop. I don't want to be happy for you, okay? I I don't want to I don't want to be excited. Now, this was obviously filmed a while ago because Logan has already um had a baby. And I feel like I maybe even made fun of this situation in my Lunchley's video. This poor kid, I feel like, is going to be in so much content against her will. The poster child for Prime and Lunchley and whatever crypto scam he's running at the time. Yeah, I totally roasted him. But but on the real like, you know, congratulations. Episode 2 was a lot more boring than episode 1. It's mostly just about how Jake is like actually good at boxing and he's not just fighting old retired dudes that, you know, aren't as good as they once were. All the haters saying that Jake Paul doesn't fight real pro boxers. Jake's been doubted before and he's won. And I learned in episode two, I I never realized his fight with Mike Tyson, which was this big, heavily publicized event. I mean, I don't watch boxing and I even was trying to like tune in to see who was going to win. So, I I get it. It was a smart move as far as like publicity goes. I had no idea that Jake was actually in Costa Rica doing some sort of spiritual uh thing called Iawaska. Have you guys heard of Iawaska? I'd never heard of it. Iawaska is a plant-based psychedelic. Okay. So he was doing like some psychedelics in Costa Rica and he said mother nature came to him, right? I met like mother Iawaska. Mother Anyway, he had like a vision of a lady who told him to fight Mike Tyson. She was like, "Yo, you need to do anything you can to make a fight with him happen." I was never wrong here. I thought it was just a a cash grab. So at least we're learning a lot, right? One of the notes I wrote when I was watching episode one is, "Is anything gonna happen?" It did kind of feel like nothing really happened. A lot of happenings happened, but not a lot happened. You know what I mean? I also got a kick out of hearing the guys talk about social media, I guess, just because I also do it for a living. And so, it's kind of like, hey, I relate to that on some small level. I mean, I don't obviously get the views these guys get, but it was kind of funny. They posted something like they posted a Tik Tok or something and Logan was just acting so shocked that it went viral. He's like, "Oh my god, that got a million views." Wow. Holy, bro, this thing is flying. It's like, dude, you guys can get on camera and fart and get a million views. Like, why are we going to pretend that this is out of the ordinary? And again, like that is obviously one thing that I can't deny that they are talented at. They have absolutely done the Mr. Beast type of thing, which is to like totally understand the YouTube algorithm. Everything they post gets a ton of views. They've done really well for themselves and I would never deny that. It's always just kind of strange to me when someone is like cool with doing things like that at the expense of your own reputation. Like remember that Tik Tok girl we talked about who pulls her pants down and in in AT&T stores and stuff? Asens, it's like, yeah, cool. You're making money, but do you sleep well at night knowing that everybody hates you? I personally couldn't do it, dude. I care so much more about my reputation than money, but that's just me. You know what I'm saying? They're very, very adamant in this show that they want to be the two biggest entertainers on the planet and that they are the biggest entertainers on the planet and they dominate on every single level. Together, we dominate on every single level and there's nothing that you can do about it. How can he look us in the eye and say that they dominate on every single level? Because to me, it's more like they do pretty good at the things that they're interested in while simultaneously earning the hatred and disrespect of everybody on the internet. Logan in particular, like for all intents and purposes, if I watched this show blindly and I knew nothing about either of the brothers, I would probably look at Logan as infinitely more likable. He comes across as like, you know, more sane and a little bit more charismatic. But at the same time, it was just it killed me how he couldn't do anything with any decorum at all. Every single word out of his mouth was like a little bit trashy. Oh, you're pregnant. Yo, yo, what? Where's my pregnant bass fiance? But also, he was pretty funny in some moments. You're pregnant as [ __ ] Jake, on the other hand, I'm not saying he is stupid, but he just sounds so stupid when he says words. How is Randy Orton coming for me? He is a fullg grown adult. Yeah, dude. So are you. And the last thing that really struck me, and this was like actually it was funny, but it was actually so profound to me. During the brother's fight with each other, they both insult each other for not having friends and rather only having paid employees. You don't even have a single friend, bro. You live in a house with your with your paid homies. Yeah. So then I said, "You are surrounded by yesmen who will do anything to make the next check off you." And at first I chuckled about that. I'm like, "Wow, you guys have no friends. You only have uh paid employees." But then I really thought about it and I was like, "That's actually kind of profound. Do you want that life? Do you want the level of fame and and fortune so bad that you're willing to only be surrounded by like yes men who hype you up and tell you all your decisions are good, but like Logan worded it are just waiting for a paycheck from you. Yikes. Man, this fight was so funny to me. It's like so below the belt and then 5 minutes later they're perfectly fine like pitching their show to HBO Max. What happened to the heinously terrible belowthe belt comments that most normal siblings could never come back from? gaslighting, delusional, ego-driven narcissist. We're in a huge fight. What happened to that? What happened to the fight that you just couldn't believe was real life? There's no way this is real life, bro. Well, friends, when I when I try to sum up my thoughts about Paul American, I really struggle. I struggle to find the words. And so, I think I'm going to let Logan sum it up for me. We want to make history and tell one of the greatest stories about a family the world's ever seen. That's right. You heard it here first. kids or second. I mean, you heard it here. Second. Paul American is the greatest family story ever told. Right up there with the Kardashians and the Duggars. Suck my ass all day long. So, that's all for me today, friends. I hope I saved you some time watching Paul. I know you were dying to watch it. I know you were itching to click. I'm headed to Nashville to finish mixing up my EPO. Let me know in the comments section what other shows you want me to roast. I love you all and I will see you in the next video. [Music] I guess technically they could have like preemptively got footage just in case their show got picked up. That's probably what it is. And I'm probably a little bit stupid. A friend that came to my St. Louis show made me this Ember doll and it is the greatest gift I've ever received in my life. Look, she's she can be shy. She can say, "Don't look at me." That makes me wait a minute. That makes me wonder what happened to Logan Paul's African Gray. I remember hearing he had African gray named like Greg. Was it Greg? And then 5 minutes later, they're perfectly fine and they're like pitching their show to HBO. HBMO. And then 5 minutes later, they're perfectly fine pitching their show to HBMO. [Music]
