<!-- youtube-transcripts/_raw/paris-hilton-skinny-confidential.raw.md -->

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uqxhro4tXIM

Paris Hilton: Healing From Provo, Building An Empire & Staying True To Herself

The Skinny Confidential
303K subscribers

Subscribe

618

Share

Ask

Save

32,787 views Jan 26, 2026 The Skinny Confidential Him & Her Podcast
To Watch The Show: / @theskinnyconfidential  
To connect with Lauryn Bosstick: / laurynbosstick  
To connect with Michael Bosstick: / michaelbosstick

#932: Join us as we sit down with Paris Hilton – global icon, entrepreneur, philanthropist, recording artist, DJ, & more. As CEO of 11:11 Media, Paris has harnessed her self-made spotlight to architect a thriving entertainment & consumer products empire. In this episode, Paris dives into nostalgic 2000s culture, discusses how the media landscape has evolved, her pioneering role in influencer culture, opens up about her advocacy work against emotional growth schools, discusses her efforts to legislate against AI-generated explicit content, shares insights on managing ADHD, & touches on her latest documentary, Infinite Icon: A Visual Memoir.

Chapters ✨
00:00 The Birth of Social Media Influence
01:21 Authenticity and ADHD: A Superpower
06:11 Navigating Fame and Media Scrutiny
09:36 Building a Business Empire
15:28 Wellness and Longevity Practices
22:58 Advocacy and Legislative Efforts
32:12 Love and Partnership
34:59 Quiet Confidence and Shifting Mindsets
35:33 Proving People Wrong and Staying Relevant
36:34 Building a Career and Avoiding Pitfalls
38:25 Connecting with Fans and Acts of Kindness
41:23 Navigating Fame and Staying Grounded
54:48 Advocacy and Exposing Abusive Institutions
01:05:12 Music as a Lifeline and Documentary Insights
01:09:34 Final Thoughts and Upcoming Projects

For Detailed Show Notes visit http://tscpodcast.com

I've spent most my life being underestimated. One of my favorite things is to prove people wrong. Paparazzi, the world was watching because I didn't want to be known as the Hilton Hotel granddaughter. I wanted to be known as Paris. >> Paris Hilton. >> Hello. >> Welcome to the show. And I feel like I have to start this off with saying that I feel like Tik Tok and social media culture, influencers, the podcast, none of this would exist without you. How did you know to tap into all of this before anyone? Thank you. I feel that in my whole life, I've always been very ahead of my time and it's something that just is in my DNA and it all really happened like very just authentically. Like I wasn't like planning like, oh, I want to be an influencer. It was just like me living my life. Paparazzi, the world was watching and it just all happened. It's amazing to see that it's inspired so many other people and really created this blueprint and I'm really proud. >> Did you know you were creating a blueprint for other people when it was happening? >> I wasn't even thinking about it in that way. Again, it was just like so authentic. It was just literally just me living my life. I think also with my ADHD, it's like something that just like gives me this creativity and like a million thoughts going at once and willing to take risks and think that's why I've been such like a trailblazer and an innovator and just doing things first. It's interesting though watching you all these years and I was thinking we were talking off air how long we've done this and we had the fat Jew on our podcast but it's been like eight years ago and we were talking about you on that show with him a long time ago and he was like people need to give Paris her flowers because what he was doing at the time I think was like a wine beverage and the way he built his brand and we and we were debating it and what we were also saying was what's interesting about you is you're like a one of one and I mean like you can do things that if other people did they you'd be like I don't know but like when you do it there's some like people understand like oh that's you have you always been that way? Have you always felt like you've been that way? >> I feel like I have. I've always been an original. I've always been one of a kind and I've always lived unapologetically and um yeah since you were little >> since I was little. >> Where do you think that confidence comes from? I think being an Aquarius. >> Our daughter's an Aquarius. >> Well, we're amazing people. And the ADHD again, my superpower, and just my mom is incredible. So, just being raised by Kathy Hilton, who is the OG >> also. Yeah. Iconic. We've had Kathy on the show. We love Kathy. >> She's the best. How have you used your ADHD to your advantage? Cuz I feel like you have. Well, Lauren's newly self diagnosed. So, >> a lot of it thanks to you though because you like I've started to learn more about it through you. >> I'm so happy to hear that cuz growing up, you know, no one was talking about it when I was a teenager, especially for girls and women. Um, you know, everyone just would say, "Oh, this is like something little boys have." So, I was always so confused. And in school, it was so difficult for me. I, as hard as I would study, I could never remember anything. I was always failing my tests. I was just always in detention, getting in trouble. And um it was always just very difficult for me. And back then, everyone always only said the negative parts about it. And that's why I really wanted to reframe it. And I see it as my superpower. And I wouldn't be the entrepreneur I am today without it. gives me like this drive and always being in the future and really just um there's the hard parts about it too. It's very overwhelming and with the RSD which is like the rejection sensitivity dysphoria like where you just like feel things on such a deep level and it's just like could be like so painful if like if you feel like anything negative it's like very difficult at sometimes but now I know it's not real. It's just like the RSD kicking in. So, there's so much to learn. I'll tell you even more about it, but um I'm obsessed with like learning more about it and spreading the message because I want people to know that it doesn't have to be something that holds them back in life. It could be something that they can harness as a superpower to really go for their dreams in life. >> Nobody's ever talked about RSD. What is >> Yeah. How did you know you had it? >> RSD. 99% of people with ADHD suffer from RSD. And it's called rejection sensitivity dysphoria or DMN which is the default mode network. My doctor this Dr. Hollowell who's like one of the leading uh psychologists in ADHD told me all about this but it's basically like any thought of like a negative perception or if you think someone is being rude or you like feel something you will feel it like it's like physical pain >> and it's like not even like real like the other people are thinking. It's kind of just like this almost like a demon in your mind that is like saying negative selft talk to you and it's something like I didn't even know what this was before but now I know and after talking to so many people with ADHD like they all feel the same way. So that's like been a very helpful thing to me because I've been through so many things in my life and especially in the 2000s just everything I was going through with the media and suffering from this RSD with ADHD. It was like so so extremely painful and I think it's hard for people who are you know neurotypical to understand just like how like severe it can feel. >> Michael always gets mad at me for things that have to do with it. So this feels really >> No. We're so sensitive and we feel feelings like 50 times more than any anything like happiness, sadness, like all of it. >> Speaking of the 2000s and again like we watched a lot of that growing I mean you like the and I we talk about this all the time on the show. The press back then was able to get away with things that I just don't think they can get away with now. It was out of control. They were brutal to So with this, how did you manage that psychologically? Oh my god, it was it was so difficult because I didn't know anything about ADHD or any of this. So, internally it was just extremely painful cuz the media was so cruel, especially to young women and what happened, you know, back then would not be tolerated today. But it was like entertainment for people back then, tearing down women. I think that's another reason why I'm so strong and resilient because to uh go through that and survive that in a sense is um a feat in itself. How did you even talk to anyone about what you were going through because there was not you didn't have anyone who was going through the same experience as you? I mean it it is Michael said one of one. It was it felt very isolating and like I felt very alone a lot of the time because I didn't really trust anyone either. I I'd been hurt so much and had so many horrible things happened to me and especially as a teenager as well. So it was um just like very I just felt very alone a lot of the time because no one would even understand if I tried to explain it to them. You know, it was like very few people in the world could probably understand what it would feel like. Marilyn Monroe might have been able to understand. Maybe that's the only other person I can think of that could understand. You had cameras in your face all the time. >> Back then, you had no mouthpiece to be able to answer any of this. Like now, you could go on a podcast. You can do your own thing. You go live. You can you can speak directly. You know, it's funny whenever, you know, we say something crazy on the show or do something that's going to get us in hot water. I never worry about it. I'm like, why just go on tomorrow and clarify or talk? And it like kind of loses its steam. But back then, like there was no way for you to do that. >> Yeah. Yeah. that it was such a different time back then and it was so hard. It was almost like there was like gatekeepers in a sense where it was like the media and then you could never really tell your story. So they basically controlled the entire narrative and that's why it's been so empowering in the past years to really reclaim that and tell the real story because for so long my story has been told by other people who never really knew the whole story or the true story. >> Is there anything that you miss about it? Which part >> about 2000s? Is there anything you look back and you're like, "Oh, I like that so much better than now." >> Yeah, for sure. Like, of course, like the tabloid culture that was a nightmare, but everything else was so much fun. Like fashion was the most fun. I think 2000's fashion is like the best era in fashion. Like so extra, so fun. Like I invented it so I love it. Um the night life was epic. like nothing ever. Like >> it was fun here in LA. >> So much fun. Every night was fun and there was no cameras. Like it just like a very like intimate group of like the most fun people in LA and we would go out every single night and it was just like the best time ever. The people, just the vibes, the energy, like I I loved it. It was so much fun. Even though internally I was going through a lot, I would just have so much fun and try to just forget about all of the things. >> At one point when you started gaining this kind of attention, did you realize you could start building a real business off of it? Because I think a lot of people also look at you and think, "Oh, this like just happened. It was by accident." And now in hindsight, clearly it's not. And you've built We were sitting in this room like, "Jesus Christ, look at what you've done." Like it's it's it's massive. >> From nothing. >> From nothing. Yeah. And so when did you realize that you could do this? I realized very early on like the power of building a personal brand. And I think it really started when I moved to New York. Like I lived a very sheltered life before my parents were very strict in LA. I was not allowed to go on dates or go to school dances, wear makeup, anything. So then moving to New York, living at the Walder Ptoria Hotel. Started getting invited to like every single event. People are like paying me to like go to parties. And every designer is like giving me all these, you know, gowns and designer clothes and handbags, all these like things. And then when I would wear something, it would be in the media and then it would like sell out. And then I remember the first night, The Simple Life aired and it had 13 and a half million viewers. And that next day I was like, "No, I can actually parlay this into like a business or a brand." And that's when I started developing my first fragrance. >> But also like Kiten and all those different places always were using your likeness to sell stuff. >> So people are assuming obviously that you have like you have like an ease and an effort effortlessness that I I notice, but there's so much that has to happen to get to here. What does your work ethic look like? What's what's the working Paris? The behind the scenes Paris that we don't see. I work harder probably than anyone that I know. just running so many different businesses in so many different business verticals and you know everything from doing television, audio, film, building products, building IP, running my media company, recording albums, writing books, being a mom >> on Congress, >> DJing, singing, being an advocate, you know, going back and forth to DC for all my advocacy work. Yeah, I just I don't stop. It's it's non-stop. But I feel really blessed that my family really instilled that work ethic in myself from a young age and how I was always very inspired watching what my great-grandfather and grandfather built and wanting to build something on my own because I didn't want to be known as the Hilton Hotel granddaughter. I wanted to be known as Paris. >> What's the pressure like coming with an, you know, with a last name like that knowing what your grandfather did? Like how did how did you think about that when you were younger? Yeah, it was definitely a lot of pressure and then always just wanting to be perfect and you know just always thinking about you know what they would think. So yeah, that was something that I always thought about. But I was also extremely close with my grandfather and he was my business mentor and he was always so proud of me and would always say, "Paris, you work harder than any CEO I know. I'm so proud of what you built. So incredible." and he's like, "I used to be known as Baron Hilton, founder of Hilton Hotels, and now I'm known as Paris Hilton's grandpa." So, that was um an amazing moment I will never forget. And >> what's the motivation at this point? Because, again, we were talking about you and you know, I know your husband and I know a lot of the things you're involved in. You've built so many things. Why do you keep going when arguably like you kind of you've done a lot? >> I just love it. I love to create. I love making beautiful products for my fans all around the world. I love giving them amazing experiences. I love making music. I love to entertain. I love it all. It just it makes me feel so proud. It's so much fun and it's only I'm so used to it. I've been doing it for so long that I just can't imagine anything else. >> You mentioned earlier with ADHD you live in the future a lot. What do you mean by that? just I just I've always been like a futurist like seeing into the future being ahead of my time in so many ways. And I don't know, it's like I feel like people with ADHD are some of the most brilliant and creative minds in the world. And then you look around and you see just like the scientists, the people like in the entertainment industry, so many musicians, a lot of them have ADHD. And I've been so inspired just hearing so many stories about that. >> I think it's really challenging for a lot of young people now like when I reflect because you're misunderstood and then you get they try to put you in a box and you get frustrated and I think then a lot of kids really start to struggle because you have people that just don't understand basically saying well if you don't do it this way there must be something wrong with you. >> Mhm. >> You know. >> Yeah. I've felt that way so many times and like they've always tried to put me in a box as well and I've always been a person who thinks outside the box and I think the box is boring and that's another thing with ADHD too is that we can focus like people say like we can't focus but we can we just can't focus on boring things. >> It has to stimulate you. >> Yes. >> What's the thing that you were wearing in your documentary that was like a um it was like a thing you wrapped around your stomach with heat. >> It's so good. the Thera body and it has heat, it has vibration and red light. The new one that just came out is amazing because it has red light as well. Red light is very helpful for back pain and the heat >> and I have like a red light bed that I lay in every morning now and that's been it's extremely helpful. And I have this guy Pete the body mechanic who is insane like he's fixed my back. >> Maybe you can after this. >> Yes. I love Pete. do want to pivot here for a second because like I said before we started you are like a low-key nerd >> and you're into these things and I know people that know you have like cutting edge things that other people don't have. When did you get so into wellness and these practices and using these tools and how do you figure out what you want to try? I've always been an undercover nerd and I'm obsessed with anything to do with technology and now longevity and wellness and Brian Johnson is one of my friends and I just invested into his company Blueprint. He is so brilliant. So I'm always learning so much from him and David Asprey as well. Dr. Holland who is amazing. He comes over all the time to give me NAD. And >> do the shots or the or the IV? >> The IV. >> What about the stomach? I do the IV. Lauren's never tried it. did the stomach one too, but the IV is really strong and like the methanol blue as well, which is like >> gives you so much energy. I love just finding about everything. Peptides, like biohacking. Um, we're going to be creating the longevity center downstairs, which is going to be insane, which be like a parave spa that will have all of the most high-tech equipment. So, I just feel like I'd want to live forever. What are the things that you go back to consistently that you like tap into on a regular basis? You know, like obviously NAD peptides you're doing once in a while, but like the things that you like on a daily, weekly practice, >> a day, like every morning I go into my red light bed first for 20 minutes and then into the red light sauna for like 25 minutes. And then while I'm in there, I'm just like doing interviews or working the entire time because I am the queen of multitasking. Uh because there's not enough time in the day ever. And then I'm obsessed with facials. Like I love taking care of my skin. So like sometimes two or three times a week like 3-hour facials again while I'm working the whole time laying there. >> Is there a specific >> hyperaric chamber by the way? And yes, there's a facialist. >> Who's the facialist? >> Heather Nicole who I've been seeing for like 15 years now. >> Okay. I got to go to Heather. >> She's amazing. >> And you're working during the facial >> the whole time. That's what I like to do. You lay on your back and you just work. >> I have like these things like iPad holders. So, I have like two iPads and phone holders. So, they're all kind of just like it looks like I'm like an office with like all these things up on the screens and I'm just like laying there and just kind of just like doing calls, doing approvals, creating things. Like it's just it's I probably get my most work done doing that because I feel like I'm just like getting so much done cuz I love to like optimize my time as much as possible and in the hyperbaric chamber which is amazing. That is like the number one thing for longevity. >> Are you scared you're going to get locked in? >> No. >> Why am I scared of that? >> I read a story one time like somebody got locked in. >> You can't What if you want to get out? >> They got locked. It's just an oxygen. Are you talking about the cryotherapy? No, the the oxygen one. If you want to if you're in the middle of it and you want to get out, what do you have to do? >> Somebody got locked in a hyperbaric chamber and it lit on fire and they couldn't get out and they died. So she >> No, don't project that into this. >> Well, I'm just telling you that's why you're saying >> was it like a small one or >> I think it was one of like you know when these things first came out there were like these giant I think hers is probably different but it's four people. It's like it looks like a spaceship. >> Okay. I don't think that was the same one. >> Yeah. Like you got Gary Brea is like doing his podcast in his hyperaric chamber. Yeah, >> they're dope. I love them. And I love the cryotherapy. I do that every day, too. >> The cryotherapy, too. >> Yeah. >> Do you like to cold punch? >> No. >> No. But you like cryotherapy? >> I like it cuz you don't get wet. I hate the water and then it just like you have to go get your hair blown out again. It's annoying. >> It's a lot of work. >> Yeah. >> What is the most unglamorous part of your job that we don't see? People like see me out like on red carpets or like performing and I'm like all like dressed up and like in gowns and all that, but if I'm not working like I'm just like at home chilling, sweatuit, socks, no makeup, my hair pulled back, just like very chill. So I feel like it's like my other side to me is like the more glamorous side and then my at home side is just like very chill, relaxed. Is that when you're the happiest? >> Yes. When I'm at home with my babies, like that is my happy place. >> And you have all your dogs. We got to meet Krypto. >> Yes. >> And your home. What I think is so cool about it is you've almost optimized your house to be a place where you can work, but you have your kids, but it's like it's very fluid. I think that's really cool. You don't have to like leave and go to an office, which is amazing. >> Yes. It's it's so amazing. That was very intentional. I feel like I work so much, so I want to be able to do as much as possible from the house. That's why I built like a recording studio here. We have just my office here, my entire media company, 11-1ven built a whole office in the back as well. The whole guest house is like turned into like a full office for everyone. And I can take all my meetings from here. I can have my kids on my lap while I'm just like working away. And it's I feel like this house is like what I manifested like as a little girl. Like what I dreamed I would want it to be like and now I have it and I just feel so so lucky, so happy. >> We took a picture on the pink tennis court. >> It's fun. Right. >> It's so good. >> I was thinking about something you said earlier as it relates to young girls and we have a daughter and I think about this a lot. How do you think about parenting a young daughter that's going to be introduced to the platforms that we've all now been exposed to knowing what you know and knowing what you've faced? Like what what will you tell her as she starts to, you know, become mature enough to use these tools? >> I wish I could like never give them a phone. >> I'm going to try to keep them as young and innocent as possible for as long as I can. I don't want to give them an iPhone or a phone or anything for a very long time. >> I just feel like I can't imagine being like 13 years old and having like social media and just like all the pressures and then all these weird people who can try to contact them and like it's just so dangerous in so many ways and so toxic. So, I just want to like make my daughter feel as confident and like I don't know just like not care about those type of thing. I don't know. It comes like a very addictive as well. I think >> yeah, >> let's give them a razor like the phone. Remember like a razor or Nokia? >> I just released my Motorola Paris Hilton razor. It's pink and it's iconic. >> That's what we should give them cuz then they can't go on. social media, but it goes on social media. >> Oh, it goes on social media. >> I feel like this like >> but a Nokia with snake on it. >> Like Gen Z probably got it the worst because none of the parents really knew what these platforms were, right? Even for us, like we were like the last generation to kind of grow up without these things and we kind of learned along the way. But if you became a parent in the last call decade, there was nobody that's like put their kids through social before. So they had to it was like they were the experiment generation. >> So true. And I think now in a weird way we're better armed, but also the internet's become more and more creepy. >> Yeah, it is scary out there just like seeing some of these stories and like what are you doing your advocacy work with? You were mentioning off air with AI with creepy people. >> Mhm. Well, I've just realized so much just the power and and using my voice to make a difference. um you know just really making it to protect others from things that have happened to me in life and like as a little girl I could never imagine I'd be standing on the you know steps of Capitol Hill and testifying in Congress and now passed two federal bills and 20 state laws to protect children and now I'm going to be going next week because you know right now with AI and deep fakes and everything that's happening. It's just the technology is moving so fast and the laws have not caught up with it yet. Um, so my team and I have been um talking with legislators, senators, and working with other advocates on this legislation, which is going to basically make it so that these type of things are illegal because there's so many explicit videos being made and deep fakes of underage children, of celebrities, of women, and people all around the world, and there's nothing to protect anyone. So this will basically make it so that the platforms and the people who are profiting off of this, there's going to be repercussions for this and make it illegal. Almost like everything you've been through has set you up to do this because who knows what you've been what you've been through was with with the media being so toxic. You're the perfect person to step up and be the voice for this. >> Thank you. That's why I like to think about it that maybe everything in life happens for a reason and God gave me a special gift so one day I could use it to make a difference for others. >> What's a red flag? People, business, friendship. What's your red flags? >> I'm very like I can really I think just from going through so much my life I've just like have a sense where I could just feel it >> like an antenna. >> Yeah. Like I could just like I could just I don't know like a red flag like barometer or something or I could just like even look in someone's eyes and like tell like what type of person they are. And just like lying to me is like I can tell right away. And I hate that more than anything. And like when I can't trust someone, it's just like so hard for me to be around them ever because I've just had so many people do bad things to me in my life that now it's just like has made me just see it all before it happens. >> That's what seems like is so strong about your marriage. It seems like you really trust each other. >> Yeah. >> Quick break to talk about branch basics. Lauren and I are huge fans of cleaning up every area of our lives. Not just what we eat, but what we clean our house with. This is so important. So many of us are living in a house or working in an office with toxic chemical cleaning supplies that have hormone disruptors, terrible synthetic fragrances, and things that are just disruptive to our overall health and well-being. Ever since Lauren and I interviewed Allison, the founder of Branch Basics on this podcast and learned about this alternative, we have not looked back. So, for those of you that are unfamiliar with Branch Basics, Branch Basics is made from plant and mineralbased ingredients. Branch Basics is human safe and it's made perfect for families, especially those with babies, kids, or pets. Think about it. They're close to the floor. They're breathing in all these things. You want to make sure that they're clean ingredients. Branch Basics was also founded by three women, each with transformative personal experiences. We've done two episodes with the Branch Basics founders. I highly suggest you check those out. They're incredible episodes. It sounds small, but the products in your environment play a huge role in your overall well-being, especially if you're resetting routines, building healthier habits, or starting 2026 with more intention. What I love about these products is the Branch Basics refill model makes it even easier to keep your home clean. All you need to restock is the concentrate is available at Target, Amazon, and branchbasics.com, making it more convenient than ever to have human safe cleaning products. Their premium starter kit comes with one powerful concentrate that makes everything laundry detergent, bathroom cleaner, glass cleaner, even pet wash, and a vegetable rinse. And here's the good news. Branch Basics is now available everywhere you shop at Target, Target.com, Amazon, and Branchbasics.com. Tossing the toxins has never been more convenient. If you want to try the premium starter kit today and get 15% off, head to branchbasics.com and use our code skinny15 for 15% off your first order. Again, that's skinny 15 for 15% off your starter kit at branchbasics.com. Quick break to talk about Experian. Most of you are probably familiar with Experian as a credit monitoring service, but did you know that they also have a service that makes cancelling unnecessary subscriptions that are wasting your money easy to do so that you can save even more money? Experian can take the pain out of cancelling subscriptions by handling it for you. Just keep the ones you want and put that hardearned cash back in your pocket. Over 200 subscriptions are cancelellable or negotiable. Also, you could save money by letting Experian negotiate your best rate. They'll keep an eye out for new deals and savings opportunities and will negotiate directly with your provider on your behalf. This is such an incredible service. It is such a pain to carry a bunch of unwanted, unneeded, and most of all, expensive subscriptions that are draining your bank accounts and robbing us of a comfortable future. I talk on this podcast all the time about personal finance, and one of the biggest things is getting your expenses under control. This is a great way to do it. We have a million things going on, and trying to figure out all of these different subscriptions and stay on top of them manually is such a pain. Experian takes all of that pain away and makes it easy for you. And here's the best part. You keep 100% of your savings. So, like I said, check Experian out. It is not just a credit monitoring service. It can now also save you money with their subscription cancellation platform. Get started with the Experian app now. Results will vary. Not all bills or subscriptions are eligible. Savings not guaranteed. Paid membership with connected payment account required. See experian.com for details. >> I could not be more excited to share that this show is sponsored by The Real Real. It is the best place to shop for authenticated luxury handbags, clothing, watches, and so much more. And how do I know this? Because I'm a customer and I also sell my own clothes on the Real Real. So, I use it for two different things. I was actually perusing the site today and I was looking for Laurel vests. I wanted to find a vintage Laurel vest. I wanted something that was silk, very particular, and olive and navy. So, I went on their site and I found so many good options. I could not believe it. I also am in the business of selling my clothes, like I said. And right now, I'm currently selling all of Michael's suits that don't fit him anymore. His muscles have grown, so his Tom Ford suits are going on the Real Real. It's a great place to go if you want to shop smart because you can find the pieces from the brands that you love. They have like Gucci, Fendy, Prada, they even have Tiffany and Co. all the different brands. I shop a lot of the row on there. I find some really great vintage row pieces. As you can see, The Real Real is the go-to place for your next special piece. So, if you need a dress for a fancy wedding or you need vacation sandals or you're like me and you're in the market for a good vest, check them out. It's also the easiest, and this is like so true cuz I use it all the time, way to sell. When you sell with The Real Real, they do everything for you, which is seamless and saves you time. The Real Real is the most trusted name in authenticated luxury resale. With over 10,000 new arrivals daily, no one does resale like the Real. And now, get $25 off your first purchase when you go to the realreal.com/skinny. That's the realreal.com/skinny to get $25 off. Start shopping now at the realreal.com/skinny. You know what I like for kids? I like a rebrand. So electrolyte water becomes cookie water, amino water becomes candy water, and Greek yogurt becomes honey bear yogurt. And here's how I make it. I use purely Elizabeth's delicious granas. They have the best, I'm telling you, organic oats, ancient grains, and superfood seed granola. There is one that my kids are obsessed with. It's like a cookie granola, and it truly tastes like a treat. Okay, they're delicious. They're crunchy clusters with a unique salty sweet taste. Everything that they make is certified USDA organic. It's gluten-free. It's vegan. And it's baked with coconut oil. And you should know it's sweetened with a coconut sugar. So anyway, I take their granola. You could do any kind. Right now, I'm really into the original ancient grain granola. I'll put that on the plate. I'll add some Greek yogurt for them. I'll do some raw honey from the farmers market. Maybe I'll even add like some strawberries or blueberries. And they're obsessed. They get their protein. They get a little bit of fiber and the granola. It's delicious. It's salty. It's sweet. It's all the things. And there's no artificial flavors. If you want the most delicious taste and my new obsession, definitely check out the original ancient grain granola. You'll be obsessed with this for yourself and your kids. Visit purely Elizabeth.com and use code skinny at checkout for 20% off to taste the obsession yourself. That's purely elizabeth.com. Code skinny. When you met Carter, did you know that he was the one right away? I knew there was something really special about him like it was Thanksgiving Day and I just walked into my mom's friend's house for lunch on Thanksgiving and he was sitting there with this huge smile on his face and with his mom and he was so sweet. And right away, I just like thought he was so like just nice and different. And I loved watching him with his mom. And I'm so happy that I met him that day cuz my life has changed so much ever since. And he's the first one that like really like tore those walls down that I had surrounding my heart. And he's lifted me up in so many ways that no one ever has and supports me. He's like my biggest cheerleader. He's like, >> "Oh, he is everything." >> If I ever talk to Carter, we have to first talk for about 3 minutes about how much he loves you and how great you are, which is amazing. But that's >> You could take note though, Michael. >> I got to get there. Like I'm like, "Hey, Carter, I have I have an idea about this deal." And he's like, "Let me tell you about Paris and how amazing he is." I'm like, "Okay, we'll get through this for a minute." But for sure. It's very sweet like that. >> He's setting the bar too high for the rest. I'm like, "Tone it down, dude." >> He does seem like a really good husband. >> Yeah. And he's a good He's a good person. >> He is a good person. He has amazing family values and he's just the best. I'm so lucky. >> How do you guys work together with everything you're doing? >> Well, he we don't like work work together. Work you mean businesswise. >> Yeah. >> He always jokes that he's my unpaid intern who gets paid in kisses and hugs. Um but he's like incredible. Just like he's so smart and just one of the most brilliant and most hardworking people I've ever met. and he has just been amazing just to learn so much about investing and he really helps with my team as well. Um just helping lead so much of it and of course he runs his investment M13 but he helps me so much which is so amazing. I feel lucky to have someone who wants the best for me because you know a lot of men would get jealous and like emasculated being with like a powerful successful woman and he's not like that at all. He just wants me to be as successful as possible and he really just like makes me feel safe enough where I can just go for my dreams and really like the sky is the limit. There's so many powerful women that have come on this show that say that it's so hard to find a man that doesn't want to just like push them back in the Jack in the Box. >> They just want to they they make fun of them to make themselves feel better. >> Yeah. >> Try to control. >> Yeah. And it's the the hottest guys are quietly confident. >> I'm sitting in a giant pink room on a pink bike. >> I'm just saying you're quietly confident. No, but I think it's for a lot of guys, especially if you grow up in a more traditional household, it's maybe a mind [ __ ] for some of them to be like, hey, maybe I'm not the main bread winner or I'm not the main draw or like somebody else has a bigger career than me. So, I think it requires a certain like shifting of mindset if you were if maybe if you grew up in a household where that wasn't the case. You know what I mean? A lot of guys have I think a rough time dealing with that. Do you ever clock when someone realizes that they've misjudged you? Like, can you like see it in their eyes? >> Yeah, because you know, being in this industry for so long, I've spent most my life being underestimated. One of my favorite things is to prove people wrong. Um, so yeah, that's happened a lot of times in my life. >> Do you you feel now I could imagine that you've proved everyone wrong? >> Yes. Like you feel like you checked the box >> 100%. Is there more that you want to do on your list to prove people wrong or do you feel like you've done it? I've done that part. So now everything I do is wrinkles. >> Yeah. It's just like I love everything I do and everything I do now is for my fans, for my kids to be proud of me and for me to be proud of myself. You know, one thing that's also extremely fascinating about you is the longevity that you've had. Like you've had a long still very relevant career. If you were coaching the next generation or someone who kind of wants to follow in your footsteps, what do you think some of the things that you've done in order to stay relevant, build such a big career, like continue to to grow? Like what are the how do you think about that? Mhm. >> Well, definitely it's about working hard, about surrounding yourself with the right team of people um that you can trust and who are capable and people who want to lift you up and not try to pull you down cuz that can happen as well. And it's also about being authentic, being vulnerable. There's such a power in being vulnerable and real and I think people want more and more of that. and do finding what your passion is, what you love to do, and try to make that what you do for a living. >> What mistakes do you see younger people making when they're trying to build a career in this lane or this fashion? >> Definitely hooking up with the wrong teams. I think there's a lot of, you know, con artists in this business. >> Yeah. >> With products, I think it's so important to like see where things are made. you know what, but like you just need to like know where everything is coming from. You need to know to trust everyone on your team because a lot of times I've seen people where they, you know, they've made such a career and then they have a business manager who's been stealing all the money in the background. So you need to be just on top of everything because it can all just come crashing down if you are not aware of everything that's happening around you. or people just who surround themselves with negative energy or who are just not good people or if they just let things get to their head and they just become not a good person. I think being kind is one of the most important things as well and I've always led with kindness. You have always led with kindness with your fans too. >> Yes. to see you interact with the fans is it's a very different strategy because some people as you know will like put themselves on a pedestal you I feel like you really like connect has that just been something that you've done naturally always naturally it's never a strategy like my fans I really consider them like my family like my brothers and sisters all around the world I love them so much And especially, you know, being in this industry and feeling so alone, so many of the times I used to travel over 250 days out of the year for two decades >> and mostly I would just be alone or with like a tour manager and I would meet up with my fans all around the world and they have just been there with me through everything and always just have loved me unconditionally. And we've all grown up with each other cuz I've been around for so long. So all of us have grown up with each other for so long and it's um amazing just to have bands that are like that and they're they call themselves my little Hiltons and I just I love and adore them so much and I love making fun experiences for them and anytime I go to other country I'll always have them come meet up or like I'll get them a hotel or I've had them stay at my house like in a visa. So yeah I a lot of my friends are like are you crazy? like why do you are why are you so close with your fans? I was like cuz I love them and I back then I used to trust them more than I trusted most people in my life. >> One of I think Ariel or Mimi was telling me off air that you have like given cars and like crazy giveaways to the fans too. >> Yeah. Uh last year um this woman named Viviana her car burned and I saw this Tik Tok video and the only thing that survived was her pink Paris Hilton tumbler that she had bought at Walmart. >> So you made great great products. >> Yeah. So that was the only thing that did not burn and make a great product. But I just was so touched by her story. I went and surprised her in Texas and brought her a car and she was so sweet, so kind, so lovely. We still talk now on social media. I I love her so much. And being able to do something like that for someone, it just I love just making people happy and and bringing sparkle to people's lives. And it's fun to do those types of like surprises for people. They probably freak out. That's really cool. Just like I really see fame as like a superpower where you can just just by showing up, saying hello, taking a photo, anything just could bring so much happiness and just mean the world to some to someone and that's something that I love to do all the time. It's one of my favorite things. >> What are the a lot of people wonder about this and obviously like aspire to get to the level that you've gone to. What What are some of the things that you would caution people against when it comes to fame? What are I guess what are some of the things that you have to navigate that people just maybe don't think about? >> I remember the night before The Simple Life aired, my mom said, "When this airs on television tomorrow, your life is going to change forever." And I just want you to never forget the sweet, down to earth girl that you are and never let this get to your head. And that's something that I always really kept close to my heart. And I've never changed, never let it get to my head no matter what. And I've been in this business a long time. And I've seen so many people come and go because they end up like feeling like they're better than other people and they just completely change and forget who who they are and where they came from. And I think that is an important piece of advice just to not become like that because they also know like you never know when they're the rug can just be pulled from under their feet and everything's taken away and then they've lost even their real friends just by the way they treat people. And another piece of advice would be be careful because there's going to be so many people you don't know their intentions if they really like you for you or they're just using you to, you know, be around or be able to go to the events or go on the trips or use you. So I think those are important things and lessons that I've learned. >> You have to be so much more discerning about why someone is entering your life or trying to enter your life, right? You have to be so much more thoughtful about that because you can't really tell if the intention is to truly just be your friend and get to know you or if they're looking for something from you. >> Exactly. >> You know what Farah told me about you? She told me that when you guys would go out or whenever you go out that you will literally take a picture with every single person that wants to take a picture, even if it's like an hour and a half. She said if you guys walk into a restaurant and you're like walking out and people want to take pictures that you'll stop and everything you're doing and take pictures with each person and talk with each person. I mean that's crazy for how long you've been in that in this business to still do that. I've always been that way. Even when I do like a book signing or a perfume signing and they'll say, "Okay, Paris, this is like two hours and then it will be like maybe five, six, seven hours, like the mall will be closing and they'll be like, "Paris, we need to leave." I was like, "No, I need to take a picture of every single person." And I don't like I see a lot of people, they do the signings and they just sign and don't even take a photo. Like I will sometimes spend like 20 minutes with a person and just they're talking to me, giving me letters. Like I literally cry just like hearing the stories from people and just them telling me like you shaped who I am today and just how meaningful I've been in their lives and like I am very I have such empathy for people as well and I'm so sensitive to other people's feelings where I literally care about other people's feelings more than myself. So that's something that's so important to me and I always tell my team, I always tell my security like never push anyone away. Don't ever tell anyone no. Like I just would feel so guilty and I would think about it even if they're they're like the mall's closing. We can't do it anymore. I will then feel so sad the rest of the night being like, "Oh my god, those people were waiting." And I'll just feel so sad for them. But then I'll meet them outside the mall. >> What? your mother came on and told a story about how you and your sister will literally stay at appearances like the way you're describing. What other lessons did you and you've mentioned it your mother a few times did you take from her growing up because it sounds like she gave you and gives you a lot of great advice. >> Do you have the tiny pillow that she has? Those tiny pillows, the port halt pillows. >> Yes, of course. >> I bought three because >> they're so cute. I love them. My mom is the best. And my mom has ADHD, too. She's ADHD queen. Um, >> your mom is one of the funnier people we've we've ever met. >> So funny. >> Yeah. >> She's just so funny. She has such a big heart. She's so caring. She is an amazing mother. I love how she love like makes every holiday so special. She makes me laugh like no other. She's so much fun to prank call people with. She's the life of the party. Lights up every room when she walks in. And yeah, she just >> she tried to prank call Howard Stern live on our show. >> She did. >> Yeah. I was like, I don't know if this is going to go over well. Um >> I'd be scared to prank all him. >> Yeah, she wasn't. When So when you were a kid, was she pushing you to kind of chase after the life that you now lead or was it like kind of do what? What was >> No, she was did not want me to be like moving to New York. Every model agency was reaching out. They all wanted me to work, do the runway shows, do fashion magazines, everything. And my mom, just say, "No, like you need to go to school." Like, she just didn't want me to be like, I don't know, in that world, like modeling anything. >> Do you want it for your daughter? >> Um, I want her to be able to do whatever she wants in life. I'm hoping that she'll follow in my footsteps of being like an entrepreneur, businesswoman. >> But um yeah, it's it is it is like a scary world out there, too, even with the modeling world and all of that because just some of these creepy guys are around and I just don't want my daughter to ever be like exposed to any of those types of people. >> Yeah. When we're when my daughter turns 12 or 13, we're going to become Amish >> and we're going to just live to the middle of the country and like we'll just >> When you have a daughter, you start to understand your parents more. Totally. >> Yeah. You start to understand where they're coming from >> 100%. >> Well, and I think being close to this world, a lot of people that are not in it, you you glamorize it because you see a lot of the thing, right? You see the carpets, you see the parties, you see a lot of the stuff, but you don't see a lot of the dark stuff that comes with it. And I, you know, there is a lot that come anytime you have a platform and people feel like they can utilize that platform or use it to their benefit. It's just like, you know, people can be dangerous >> and so >> I think like with our child like it we have to have like a lot of big conversations. >> No, >> one thing that I have done for the last four years is implemented creatine into my routine. It is just habit stacked into my amino water. I add my creatine and I go to the gym. I really really like it cuz I think it plays a key role in providing energy for muscle and it also gives me a really nice intensity for weightlifting. So I'm really into it. So there's this new brand. It's called Pure E and it's kind of unique. So every single batch of Pure Creatine Plus is third party tested by the Clean Lab project for more than 200 harmful contaminants. This includes heavy metals, pesticides, and here's the thing. I got my blood tested for heavy metals, and that was one thing that I'm really focused on really lowering. So, this is a really great creatine to add to your routine because you don't have to worry about any harmful heavy metals. What's also cool about Pure E is that they have 400 mg of tarine in it, and that is added to the creatine, which is really awesome. This is a well-known ingredient in the sports world and it's kind of like an amino acid like compound that's found in various tissues throughout the body. It's particularly in the brain and the heart and the muscles. And the fact that this is added to their creatine is amazing. Vogue Business even singled them out and said that they are such a minimalistic supplement, which is really what you want a supplement to be in my opinion. You can use code skinny at pureie.com/skinny. You get 32% off pure creatine plus when you start a subscription. Go to p u r i.com/skinny and use code skinny at checkout for this exclusive offer. My relationship with red meat has been ride or die for the last 5 years. I just love red meat. I think it's changed my hair. It's changed my body. It's changed my energy. I feel full. I feel satisfied. And one thing that I do that's like a hot tip is I always carry a meat stick in my purse. I do this for my kids. I do this for myself. I do it for my husband when he gets hangry. And one of the best meat sticks on the planet is by Maui New Venison. It is the best. Let me tell you about it. Venison is red meat. It's just cleaner, leaner, and easier on the body. And what surprised me is that it's still red meat, but it doesn't hit the same way beef does. So, why I like this initially is because Peter Aia came on and was like, if you want a higher protein with less heaviness, you have to try this brand. He put me on to it. And then I found out that Maui Newi isn't farm beef. It's wild harvest venison responsibly sourced on the island of Maui. So, how would I recommend someone starts? I would grab it as a snack. I would give it to the kids. I chop it up. I put it on their meat and cheese plate. I put it out when they're having veggies before a meal. It's great. Maui Newway venison is one of the only sources for ethically sourced venison globally and is the only company that is wild harvesting venison under strict USDA oversight to make the healthiest red meat on the planet available to you. If you're curious, head over to maunewivenenison.com/skinny. That's m a ui n uiven venison.com/skinny to learn more. All right, I have the best. The best Valentine's Day gift. Are you guys ready? Bear with me. It's a BJ in a box. So, you got to go to wooplay.com. This is limited edition. They only have it right now and it's selling fast, but you can get it for Valentine's Day. It is so funny. It's not a polo shirt. It's not cologne. It's a Valentine's Day gift. He actually wants a BJ in a box. It's a co-branded bundle from Woo and Twinkle Tongue. So, it's basically the best [ __ ] of his life. Inside is edible coconut love oil. And then you have six Twinkle Tongue saliva enhancing packets designed to make things wetter and messier. When it sells out, it's gone for good. So, go to woomoreplay.com. And don't worry, ladies, we have something for you, too. The Let Me Eat Your Box. It's another box. And this isn't a candle. It's not a purse. It's not chocolate. It's a co-branded bundle, and it has Woo's coconut love oil paired with an enhancement gel. Everything is designed for the pleasure of you and a partner. Go to wooplay.com to get 20% off today. Do you guys hear that? That's fresh new Skinny Confidential drop. Okay, this has been something that I have been working on for the last year. Introducing face towels. Your skincare routine has been reimagined once again. There is no more using butthole towels on your face. There is no more using the towel that your boyfriend has used on his balls. You are going to be using the cleanest face towel on your face with no formaldahhide, no inks, no fragrances, no dyes, no BPA. Okay? Our towels are so thoughtfully designed. They're vegan. They're cruelty-free because your skin deserves the best. I a long time ago wrote a blog post about how a lot of people are washing their face and then they're drying their face with the same towels that they're using on their body or they're using a towel that maybe has a bunch of, I don't know, detergent in it. So, I wanted to create something that was fresh to remove your makeup, to remove your oil without irritation. I wanted it to be buttery soft. I wanted it to be 100% sustainable bamboo, silky soft. You never have to worry about buildup with these towels. It's just like a breath of fresh air for your face. So, how I use them is two ways. The first way is I will cleanse my skin with an oil cleanser and then I'll exfoliate it. And I'll do this in the shower or in my sink. And then if I get out of the shower or I'm done with my sink, I'll take my towel and I'll pat it across my face and my neck to dry my skin off. My skin feels so much cleaner doing it with a facial towel than using some random towel that who knows where it's been. So if you want to support a healthy skin barrier and you want something really sensitive, especially if you have acne or you have hyperpigmentation, this has a really gentle texture. It's absolutely beautiful. I'm such a fan. I've been using them for a long time. I know you guys have maybe seen them in my Instagram stories. Each box includes 50 disposable face towels. And like I said, they're made from 100% sustainable bamboo. This is the travel size. It's like a little box that you can throw in your makeup bag. And then we also have the one that can sit on your vanity. It's a box that you want out. It's so cute. It's baby pink. And I should tell you, the towels are shaped like a doily, so that's fun, too. Go to shopskinnyconfidential.com to grab your face towels today. Why did you decide to open up about what happened at Provo? Was that something that you had wanted to open up a long time, or was it something that you just decided one day, I'm just going to let it out? After going through that, I was so traumatized that I made a promise to myself. When I get out of here, I'm never going to talk about this, not tell anyone, and pretend it didn't happen. Like, I didn't even tell my parents, my sister, my best friends, like no one. And it wasn't until my documentary, This Is Paris, where probably like 6 months into filming, uh, we were in South Korea, I was launching one of my lines out there. I forgot was like a fragrance. And, um, I was having severe nightmares, which I had had every single night since being in there. And I kind of like went into it a little with her, and I was like, "But don't film this and don't put this in the documentary." like I don't want this being part of my story. Then the next day she came to me with all this research and showed me that it had now boomed into this 28 billion a year industry and there was thousands of these schools and hundreds of thousands of children were being sent to these places and hundreds of kids were dying and they were being sexually abused and um just the most horrific stories. I had no idea it was still happening. And I just knew that she she basically said to me, Paris, like, I think by you telling your story, you could really help a lot of other kids. And I was so scared and nervous because I had never spoken it out loud to anyone before. Um, and I started telling her the story. And um, you know, for that documentary, that wasn't even the original premise of the film. It wasn't even supposed to be about that at all. It all just really happened because I felt close to her and like I could trust her. But I'm so grateful that I did tell that story because it's really changed my life in so many ways and has been so healing for me. And it was so painful to go through. But the fact now that I've told my story and now it's illegal for the things that happened to myself to happen to kids today has been the most meaningful work of my life. When you opened up about that, did you have so many people reaching out that were thanking you because they had maybe been through a similar experience? >> Yes. All the time. Like right away when it was about to air, I was so so scared and nervous because I had no idea how the world was going to react, you know, because they had known me for so long as this character like this blonde bubbly, you know, thing person they thought that had like this perfect life and they had no idea what had happened. So, I didn't know, you know, what people would say or think. But right away, just thousands of people writing me letters, reaching out to me, coming up to me on the street, just saying, "Thank you so much for telling your story." I went, "The same thing, and nobody ever believed me, and you know, what you've done has really saved my life and healed me and my family." And then so many families coming up to me. And even yesterday, I was just doing um this interview and the writer told me that he was about to send his daughter to one of these schools, but then he saw me speaking in Congress and then he decided not to and he's like, "You saved my daughter from going through, you know, probably torture and severe trauma." And then just so many people all the time just thanking me and just saying I've really healed them. So, it's just been incredible just to see the power in being vulnerable and real and and really turning a pain into a huge purpose and impacting millions of children's lives. >> Why do parents think they need to send their kids to these places in the first place? Like what what are parents under the assumption that these places do? >> Maybe just maybe if a parents thinking about needing to do this for their kid? >> It depends. You know, for me, like moving to New York and then my life being just like completely changed from Los Angeles, a sheltered life, moving to New York, all of a sudden I'm being invited to every party, every nightclub, going out all the time, ditching school. So, my parents hired this educational consultant and they referred to the school and they said, "It's an emotional growth boarding school. They show brochures and it's kids smiling with rainbows riding horses and it looks like this very happy place and these people who referred the children there are all getting commission and they get paid for each kid that's being sent to these places. >> That's disgusting. >> So that happens a lot and a lot of kids in there just they only had ADHD. They couldn't focus in class. Like none of these kids deserve to be in a place like this. So, a lot of the kids there were just kids who were just like misunderstood. Um, >> but the parents are under the assumption like this place is this great place that'll change and like discipline them. It almost makes it more [ __ ] up though because it's like I could imagine as as a child it's hard to even then blame the parent because the parent thinks that they're doing something good. >> Oh yeah. the parents are just as much victims in the situation because they're manipulating both sides and they're saying to the parents kind of priming them because they are abusing the kids but then they say to the parents like by the way they're all the kids in here they lie and they're manipulators and they're going to say that we're abusing them but it's not really happening. >> So in advance they say okay you're going to get a call and it's going to sound really bad but that's part of the process. >> But they won't even let you do the call. Like when you're sitting there, if you even say one word, you have someone sitting next to you and they immediately slammed on the phone and then you either get like beaten, thrown in a room and locked away and then they say you can't talk to your parents for 6 months. >> So what was what happened to all these people? Like are there there's consequences for them or >> now people are finally being believed and the stories are coming out but for so long these kids were not believed cuz they're just called troubled kids. So, it's like the perfect situation for an abuser to get away with. And they instill such shame in the children that they're like myself, you're so ashamed by the time you get out of there, you don't even want to tell anyone cuz you're like embarrassed for like what they've done to you. You know, the shame should be on these people. And that's another powerful message that I want to spread to people that it should not be that you hold on to that shame. It the people who should be ashamed are the ones that hurt you. and my parents and I have just I'm so grateful that my parents have been so supportive of me. my mom's and coming with me to DC also to speak to the other parents because so many of these it has ruined so many lives of children and a lot of these kids when they get out of these places committed suicide and they can't even move on in life because they've just been so broken down by these places and these schools and and one of the um in the laws that I've um passed to protect children we've made it as one of the parts of it that they're not allowed to do calls where someone is sitting there like the kids can have an unsupervised call with their parent without someone there who's going to punish them right away. Um which is something that's so important for people to be able to you know explain when they're being abused in these places. >> And Provo's closed, right? >> No. >> What? >> No, it's still open. >> Whoa. >> Even after the documentary. >> Yeah. And thousands and thousands of people report so much abuse at that school. I don't know how it's still open. 60% of these places have shut down because of this work, which is incredible. But more keep popping up because it's such an unregulated business and anybody can just open a school or a wilderness camp and do this. It's really, really terrifying and it's not only happening in the US, it's happening all over the world. Thank god you came out with the story. >> As you have told your story and discuss it more, have have you have the nightmare stopped for you? >> Yeah, >> that's interesting. Amazing. >> It was like the just getting it out there and off your chest. >> Yeah. Which I never thought I would ever >> ever not have a nightmare. It was every single night since I was 16 years old. >> And then 2 years ago, I just went to Jamaica and they had these eight boys that they were locking in dog cages, burning with cigarettes, throwing bleach on them, starving them. It was the most horrific situation. and um I went there and helped save those boys and um every day we're uncovering more. >> So, how does that get on your radar now? And how do you choose, you know, what to focus on and how and and where to help? >> Well, when I started my media company, we have the second hire of the company was Rebecca, um who's my head of impact and I have 11-1ven Impact, which is all of my advocacy work that I do. And we have a whole network of people and we work with other survivors. So people are constantly reaching out to us, parents, children, uh, ex employees who have left these places. And just every day people are coming with stories and then I go and shine my big spotlight on them and show people if you're going to abuse children, I am going to expose you and there will be repercussions. Good. >> Must be very liberating. >> Yes. I messed with the wrong girl. >> I love it. >> Underestimated. >> Yes. >> I have just a a random question that's a total tangent. >> What is a hungry tiger? A hungry tiger is someone who's desperate and hungry. And that's what we used to call people all the time. Just like those people who are just like not hungry for food. It's like hungry for everything. I'm sure you know some hungry tigers. Oh my god. >> Who told us that you guys who >> I don't remember. So I think I heard her say it and I was just like, you know, I just feel like it's one of those things. It's an energy, you know. >> Mhm. >> Everyone knows the energy >> a lot in this town. >> Yeah, this town's got a few. In your documentary, you said that music saved my life. Can you expand on that for the audience? >> Just how just going through so much as a teenager and getting out of the school and I remember just going out that first night. The first song I heard was the song Free by Ultron. and just those lyrics like I just felt like it was like my anthem. And then just like how music has always just brought me so much happiness like just going through all of that and then being able to go out at night and just escape from that music or and going out at night and just like escaping from the pain and not having to think about it and just like losing myself in the music. And then doing this documentary and being on stage and performing like I realized even more just like how music has just been such a huge part of my life and how it just like I don't know how just like music is such a powerful thing and like how like a lyric can just like change your mood or even change your life. >> When you decided to do your new documentary, it's behind you. It's called Infinite Icon. What was the process like? This is obviously something that takes a long time. What is it? What's the behind the scenes of what it takes to get here? >> A lot. Just especially going through like my archive of like thousands of hours of videos. So when I was 8 years old, my dad bought me like a camcorder for Christmas and I would like film everything like do like plays at the house or just like me running around doing adventures or whatever. And then when I got older, like going out at night, I would always just bring my camera with me everywhere. So I just have all of this unseen footage. So that was like so interesting just to like go and look back on all of that and like see who I was before and see like what I went through and all the fun times as well. But it was very like therapeutic in in such a way. And then obviously filming like the whole concert, the whole process of getting into it. And then I started also just like reflecting back on the 2000s and just so many people were coming up to me and just always saying like, "Oh my god, your first album is the most underrated pop album of all time." Like >> Jealousy, that's the best song. >> So good. Thank you. >> So it's just just like I don't know. I wanted to like really reflect back on that. And then I just started thinking about the 2000s about how myself other women were treated and it was just like I don't know I just wanted to tell that story and just in a way but through the lens of music and I really see this as like a trilogy like the first part the first documentary my memoir and now this and also like a love letter to all my fans because they've been the ones who really like their love has carried me through so much of this and Yeah. I feel like I've seen a lot of music documentaries, but I've never seen one like this that like has it all. >> I can't believe that you said that you were nervous to get on stage to perform. That was crazy to me. I've wouldn't think you would be nervous. >> A lot of people don't believe that, but I'm such a shy person. So, I always feel a little bit shy and especially like doing my first concert, like I was so nervous. And I'm so happy that I had right before that performed with CIA and Miley. So I was talking with them and they told me that they both get nervous too. So to hear that like these incredible artists that that's all they do all the time like they get nervous as well. I was like okay. >> No, we get nervous even to do this today, right? It's like I think when Mel Robbins was on the show recently says if you get nervous or anxious about something it's because you care about >> because you care. That's what CIA told me as well, which is like a really good way to think about it because if you didn't give a [ __ ] you would just be like, >> imagine if we're like, oh, we're just going to be good parents, whatever. >> So, it's a good thing. So, I like to think of it that way. I think it's a really great way to reframe it. Like, I want to teach my kids that cuz I don't want it to hold them back from things in life like feeling shy or embarrassed. >> Just means you care. >> If you could talk to your younger self or anyone who's listening that feels misunderstood, what would you tell yourself and them? If I could talk to my younger self, I would say, Paris, you're going to go through a lot of things in life and sometimes it's going to be really difficult and scary and hard, but I promise you, one day it's going to be worth it. So, you're going to use your voice to make a difference for millions of people. And one day, you're going to have beautiful children, an amazing husband, build an incredible business, and inspire people all around the world. So, stay strong and don't be afraid to show the world the real you. Where can everyone watch your documentary and support what you're doing? Infinite Icon. >> Infinite Icon, a visual memoir, will be out in theaters January 30th. >> And where can everyone come say hi to you? I'm sure everyone already follows you, but what's all your social handles? >> My name. >> Also, I do want to say this. Everyone should go by your book. Your book is so good. >> Thank you. >> I love reading biographies. It's like my favorite thing to do. And your biography is 10 out of 10. >> Thank you so much. >> So also buy the book you guys. >> Which will be a television series soon. >> Wow. Cool. >> Don't you also I feel like you have a cartoon out. >> I do. >> What's that? >> It's called Paris and Pups. It's an animated series on YouTube and it's based on my life like me as a little girl with my puppies living at a hotel going on adventures and my kids are obsessed with it. We watch it all the time and it's so much fun. I'm going to show it to Zaza and tones. Paris, thank you so much for coming on the show. >> Thank you. Infinite icon forever. >> Thank you. >> Thank you. Slam.
