<!-- youtube-transcripts/benny-blanco-howard-stern.md -->
# benny blanco | Howard Stern Interview

Channel: The Howard Stern Show
Uploaded: 20260502
Duration: 1:48:02
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uk0FlJO0dzc

---

Let's say good morning to Mr. Benny Blanco. Hi. Hey Benny, nice to meet you. Let's talk Prince for a second. >> He's actually my favorite artist of all time. >> If you could have produced Prince, there probably would have been nothing you could say to him in terms of improving, right? I mean, or then maybe you could have. Like some albums maybe needed some help, right? >> Everything '92 and before is is perfection. Right. >> I'm obsessed with like footage, like historic footage. There's no footage of this man making music, really. I just want to know like the type of outfits he's wearing while he's making music. And I would never make music with him, either. Like and I I and like if he was alive, I wouldn't do it now. I don't want to be the guy who makes like his shitty album when he's like 80. Is there some element of being a music producer where you go, I won't work with someone because they're so [ __ ] good, I don't want to be the one guy who [ __ ] things up? Oh my god, all the time. So so many times I'll meet with someone and I'll say, they don't need any of my help. Right. What do they need from me? But maybe you could get something from them, if you think about it. Like, who knows what could happen if you were alone in a room with Prince and he said to you, Benny, let's just jam creatively and see if we can get there, I whatever there is. I would do anything Prince said. I'd probably [ __ ] him. Like I probably would I'm not even I I like I probably would like I would just do anything he said at any moment. When you worked with Lizzo, did she ever talk about Prince to you because she worked with Prince? >> You know, Prince is always a topic of conversation. He actually remixed a song of mine one time, like years ago. Like asked for the files for a song and I thought he was going to sue me cuz then the song like I was like trying to be like Prince and then he made a remix and but we never heard it. We never heard it. He asked for the files. He worked on it. He was like, I'm going to send it and then he just never sent it. And I was like, this is so much better. Did you get to talk to Prince? I mean, what if he's taking one of your files, you never talked to him. Yeah, everything just like comes out of thin air when he is there. Like I had no idea what was happening. Randomly, my parents were friends with him many many moons ago cuz they lived in Minneapolis right when he was like making a start. What about like Van Halen? Like did that affect you in a way the way Eddie played guitar is sort of the way Prince is a genius, too, right? >> I respect it, but it didn't hit me like the same way. Like Prince felt so like childish but complex. There's a certain innocence to everything he does, but also like at the same time he's like being like nanny nanny boo boo. I'm not sure if a lot of people know this though. He was the entire package. He made the song, wrote the song, produced the song. He would mix the songs. Like he was everything. Everything there's there's no >> Which is almost impossible and there aren't too many people who can do everything. They can't mix or they can't play or they there's something that they're lacking, you know, whatever it is. What are the odds of someone be able to sing that good, play guitar that well, to be able to write music and also uh conceive of an entire album even? I mean there's so few people who can do it, you know? It's it's pretty mind-blowing. He was in He was incredible, you know, he he made Purple Rain because everyone said he didn't know how to make rock music. Like he was like, "Oh, they Yeah, they were like, 'Oh, I don't think they don't think I know how to make rock music. Great.' And like a rock ballad, they were saying. And you look on like When Doves Cry, my friend was working in the industry then. He was supposed to turn in When Doves Cry, okay? And right before he did it, he said, "I don't like the bass guitar anymore." And he took it out. So if you listen to that song, there's no bass in the song. The song has no bass guitar. So that's what he did. He In other words, he was about to release it. He had a bassline and he goes, "It doesn't sound right." What a genius. >> took it out and the label said, "Hey, you have to put this back in." And he said, "I'll stop releasing music unless you release it this way." Wow, that's crazy. There's no guitars, there's nothing. Most people don't listen to this type of stuff. I was having a conversation with my mom the other day and I said, "Mom, do you ever listen to like the different type of snare drum while like a song's playing?" And she said, "I've never noticed even a snare drum in a song ever. I just I thought that they were like all the same and they just like put a drum in." That's because you're in the music business. It's like I was painting the other day and I was really proud of myself. I'm working on a big painting and I didn't use any gouache. I only used the white of the paper. And I said, "There aren't three people on the planet except for other painters who will appreciate what I'm doing here where I'm painting around things to just use the white of There's no gouache." And I realize you're the same way. You're going, "Look at that drum." You're breaking down the painting so to speak and learning from listening to this. Do you think you might ever produce a song where you do the same move? Take out everything except this drum beat. Oh my god, I've done it so many times. But I I I do it in different ways. So, you know, we were doing Ed Sheeran's album Divide. I produced his album and I remember saying, "I want to do a song where there's not really a snare drum. I've always wanted to do a song where there's no snare snare drum." And we were making his album and we had this song called Castle on the Hill and we did no snare drum. Also, I remember I was making a song for Justin Bieber called Love Yourself, okay? Yes. Full produced out version of this song. Like we took out the music. Well, I took out all the drums. I had a full drum song. There's actually a documentary of us making the song live. We actually made the song and it was caught on film how we made the song. I love those documentaries where you can see the process of someone making music and really creating You're right. With Prince, I probably he would have been uptight. He just probably didn't want cameras around him. It would have just irritated the [ __ ] out of him. It's so funny cuz I even watching back the ones I do, I'll sit there and I'll be like, "Oh, we're so close to finding it." You can see it in our eyes. Like when we're making the documentary, music, I really believe it's magic. Everyone always says, "Well, how do you do it? You made so many things." I swear to god, I black out and then I wake up and there's crumbs all over me and a song is done. I remember sitting with Ed actually when we were making love yourself. Where were you? >> You were on a tour bus from Canada to America and we're sitting there and you just got back from a party and we're like drunk and and it there's that weird point where they're going to wake you up at the border in 2 hours. So, it doesn't make sense to go to sleep. So, we were like, "Let's just write a song." So, we're sitting there in the back. We're writing it and it just doesn't feel genuine and I was like, "What's going on in your life?" And he was like, "Ah, I don't want to write what's going on in my life." And I said, "Well, why don't we write a song about not wanting to write what's going on in your life?" And then that's where we came with the line that I don't want to write a song. I don't want anyone thinking I still care. I don't. Cuz then basically he was like, "I don't want to give the satisfaction to this girl that's on my mind right now. So, I don't want to write a song about it." And I was like, "Well, let's write a song about not wanting to give the satisfaction to them." But I had heard that that song in particular was originally called [ __ ] yourself. Uh not love yourself. And uh >> it. You changed it. Would Would Ed have kept it [ __ ] yourself? Like just go [ __ ] yourself. It was and I said, "You think like Al Green has a song that says fuck?" I just thought it was I don't like to curse unless it's really important to curse in the song. And to me, it felt more important and because you knew, I want to leave a little bit up to the audience cuz you know you're saying go go [ __ ] yourself. You don't have to say it, you know? But why would you write a great song like that in that 2-hour span when you're waiting to go to the border? Why would you write that and then give it to Justin Bieber? Why didn't Ed Sheeran keep that for himself? I don't understand that whole process. We made the song and it wasn't fully finished cuz a lot of times you have like an idea and it it become something later. I remember we had that the next day we're at the arena and we're sitting there and we play it for everyone and everyone's like, "Yeah, it's pretty cool." And then at that time Justin was just finishing his album and they asked us to send songs. It was just one of those moments where we were like, "Yeah, let let let's just send Love Yourself." Like that one was okay. Like so when we were making Divide, me and Ed wrote five other number one songs that didn't make the album that became number one songs and that was one of them. You get these moments with these artists, okay? So I've had some in my career. You have a flow with this person and you just have to squeeze all the juice out and there's just songs like Ed [clears throat] would be like this. We would be backstage at, you know, [ __ ] Gillette Stadium or something. We have a little studio set up in the waiting room, the green room and we're sitting there making songs. The guy's coming in 10 minutes he's signing t-shirts. We're still he's recording while signing. They come back in 5 minutes later he's got to take pictures. 2 minutes they go, "Hey, we need you on stage." He would be like, "Okay, go um work on the song. I'm going to go on stage and then I'll come back and listen." He would go on stage for 2 and 1/2 hours. He would come back and he would say, "Hey, I I thought of the chorus while I was on stage." I said, "What do you mean you thought of the chorus while you were on stage?" He said, "Well, all that's muscle memory." He's like, "I can perform I sometimes I'm thinking about, you know, what I'm going to eat later." And he said he came up with the [ __ ] chords. The you know, this guy works so hard. He comes back in sweat pouring down, sits right down, and starts playing the song with me. That's a crazy story. That's a kind of genius that doesn't come you know, he's writing number one songs and he's performing and he's doing this and that and the other thing and it's like is he too nice? I've met this guy. He seems too accommodating. And what I mean by that is he's got all this pressure. He's trying to write songs. He's got to go up on stage and then he's signing stuff. Like he it seems like he can't say no to people. Am I correct? You know, a lot of times it's tough because when you're put in this position as like an artist or as someone in the spotlight, you know, I'm I'm sure you see it. You know, someone walks up to you and they say, "Hey, will you take a picture with me?" And let's say you're having a shitty day. You can't say no. If you say no, you're that [ __ ] So yeah, I remember one time my my little dog had just died, okay? I'm crying. I'm in the street. This guy walks up to me says, "Can I can I get a picture?" And I said I said, "Oh, my dog just died." And he said, "Oh, I'm so sorry. Can can I get a picture?" And then there's a picture >> There's a picture online of me with tears in my People are nuts with these selfies and stuff. But does it bother you, Benny? Like I know Ed Sheeran because he's the performer and all that stuff. But Yeah. You you know, like I didn't know you you wrote Love Yourself with with Ed. Like is it hard for you as the producer to put your ego aside and contribute to all these people and not get the fame that they have? Okay, so I'm going to give you the quickest background. I started putting out songs commercially in 2006, okay? Until 2020, nobody knew who I was, okay? Not not one like I'd say once every 2 weeks a guy would come up to me and they'd have to be so nerdy like what you're saying. And then with some things that I started doing, I became an artist in about 2018-19. I started releasing music as myself. This thing called TikTok got really big on online. I was in a TV show at the same time. All this stuff kind of happened and I became famous in 2020. So, I saw both sides of it and I'll tell you one thing. If I could ever go back to being the guy just behind the thing, I would do it in a heartbeat. I really I and has nothing to do with like the people like they're all so sweet. I have the best fans in the world. But, before this happened to me, I used to say like to artists, I'd be like, "What are they talking about? Their life's not that bad. It's like What are you What are you talking about?" And now looking at it, like, yeah, it's not my favorite part of the day. Like, I dread like when I'm like, "Oh, [ __ ] I got to go outside today." And the crazy thing that I will tell you is TikTok blew up me as a songwriter. So, all these kids in the world the trend online where where they're like, "Oh, Benny Blanco write wrote the Bible. Benny Blanco wrote the Declaration of Independence." Because I wrote all these songs and they all had a resurgence in like 2020. All the old songs Kids are so much more inquisitive than they were back then and they really care about how like the sausage is made. When I was a kid, there was no point of interest. There wasn't Instagram, there wasn't TikTok, there wasn't YouTube. I used to wait outside of a studio and if somebody walked out, I would say, "Do you make music?" I had no idea who the [ __ ] anyone was. You didn't know anything. And it's cool now, I think. >> Isn't it weird that you got the idea to make music, especially you come from a non-musical family? Like, you don't have a parent who played guitar, you don't have You know, you don't have nothing, right? Like, when when you told your family you're going into music, they're probably like you're a [ __ ] nut, right? I mean, people didn't believe in you. It must have been a real challenge to go into music. >> Nobody. For Mother's Day, we were at a restaurant and my little nephew was like hitting all the glasses and my mom my mom was like, "I'm not stopping him for [ __ ] That's what you used to do all the day and we would we would stop you and be like stop [ __ ] playing." No, it's crazy. I fell in love with music at such an early age that I was looking at my mom when I was 5 years old and I told her I'm going to be the biggest musician in the world. You know, like she What what is she going to do? Talk to me about being a producer now. I saw in your documentary they were taking people through it with Architectural Digest showing your house and everything. There was a piano in there, a guitar in there, and synthesizers and stuff. So, you play instruments. You play all those instruments, right? >> really know how to do anything. Is that true or is that a line of [ __ ] I can will anything into existence, but I'm not I'm truly the definition of like mediocre at everything, okay? But let me let me give it to you. So, like could I sit down right now and like pick up a guitar and play you something impressive? No. But if you let me sit in the studio, I actually play one note at a time. I can hear the whole song in my head, but it takes me a long time to get it out. The thing that I think I can do is basically I'm a therapist. That's my job, okay? You come in, I say, "How you doing?" Okay, you might say, "Oh, I'm good." And then I [ __ ] dig at it and I try to find whatever the worst problem or insecurity is in your life and then I have 3 hours to get it on a page so that you love it, I love it, and hopefully a bunch of other people like it, too. >> So, if I'm sitting with you and I said to you, "Benny, I want to write a hit song." And you and you do your psychiatric thing. I mean, I said, "Here's Here's the truth, Benny. I feel so [ __ ] ugly that no one could ever love me. Not really truly love me. I don't think anybody has ever really loved me." You would You would say, "Okay, now we're onto something, right?" You would say, "Now we're Now >> say, "Me, too." >> [laughter] >> I'd say, "Me, too." Well, me, too, is good because that's a theme that people can relate to. Everyone can relate to anything. You know, I went to my therapist one day and I said, "I feel like there's a bonfire on top of my head. My neck's cold. This thing's that." And he said, he goes, "You're not special." He said, "Anything you're going to say to me, I've heard before. I've heard everything. I've heard every neurosis. Feels like you don't have a foot. I And And that's what music is. That's why we all listen to a song and we instantly think the person's talking to us because we've had something similar or known someone who's had something similar. And that's why music brings you together because it instantly takes you back to a time that that that's a memory in your in your head. >> You know, I've heard Are you friends with Rick Rubin at all? I am. Cuz he's a record producer, too. Whatever record producer means. But But like Rick doesn't play any instruments. Yeah. Rick kind of sits there and says, "Well, I offer my opinions." But it seems to me like you are different. You'll actually come up with beats. You'll come up with musical ideas. You come up with Yeah. So So you're not >> and Rick have actually made songs together. We We did a song for Ed Sheeran that was really big, too. And it's so cool to see everyone's process. Like Rick is going to let you like find the gold, okay? And then he's going to tell you because a lot of people don't know when they've when they found it. And Rick will also like He calls himself a reducer a lot because what he does is he takes things away because most people clutter things up. And you know, a lot of times in my career when I didn't know what to do or I didn't know what to do with a song, I I go see Rick. And And sometimes I don't even know what's happening. I don't even know I go there and I'm like, "Okay." And then I get home and I'm like, "Ah." And I had this like aha moment. So much about being a producer is like the person's aura. You get in the room with [ __ ] Pharrell and he's going to convince you that you have to do this song and he's probably [ __ ] right. It worked that way that Rick is so generous and you're so generous that you guys help like Why would Rick help you with a song if he's not getting paid to work on that song or he's not part of the process? Like what what what is that agreement? I just think that life is about you know, when you know, when you respect someone and you know, a lot of us producers, we have respect. You go over to a friend's house and you you play it for them and you say, "Hey, what do you think about this?" And then a producer can't help it. They're They can't help but give you a little bit of information and stuff. And so many times, I'll tell you this, I've had people I've I've basically been a producer of something but not taking credit for it because a person just comes over and they everything I believe in just like putting out positive energy to the world, especially for me cuz I suck. I'm not even good I'm the worst guy in every room that I ever go in. Everything. I I I I swear to you, this isn't even like a thing like What I think I do is I think I have good taste. I think I know about what the general public likes. Like I think my what I like is like pushing the envelope like just enough but also something that's palatable for someone to listen to. You said something really interesting. Rick calls himself a reducer and in a way that's what you're doing, too. When I interviewed Keith Richards, he said, "The problem with most bands is they put too much into it." So he says, "You've got to have the space." And you know, I understood it again from a painting There are painters that just put too much [ __ ] in the painting. It There's no light. There's nothing to Nothing breathes. There's no space. But that's a difficult concept for the public to understand. We just listen to something and like it. That's it. I collect a lot of art and I'll and I'll show my mom art and she'll be like, "Oh, what the [ __ ] is that? It's just a line." And I said, "Yeah, Mom, but if you were the first guy to ever do this and you you took that chance and that risk and to be humiliated." Yeah, everyone looks at it now. It's like when someone listens to the Beatles and they're like, "Yesterday, that's such like a easy concept for a song." Yeah, okay, if it's so easy, why the [ __ ] didn't you come up with it? You know? It's It I always tell people I'm not afraid to fail. I'm not afraid to fall [ __ ] flat on my face and wake up the next day and do it all over again because I don't want to be that guy who just does something that everyone's heard and it's like, "Oh, this kind of works." I want I want people to be scared when we're going to like release something and be like, "Fuck, I don't know, man. I don't know." Because that's when it That's when it works. That's when you [ __ ] inspire people. So, now that you've had so many hits every [ __ ] great artist on the planet must get in touch with you to sort of feel you out and see if you'll, you know, if you'll work with them. I mean, I'm blown out by some of these songs you've done. Like Love Yourself. If you had just done that, that would have been enough. I never listened to pop music growing up, okay? I wasn't a pop guy. I My parents had incredible taste in music and you know, there was everything from Prince to [ __ ] Gregorian chants. Every type of song, you know, Philly soul era music at home. And so, we weren't really listening to what was on the radio. And then my brother was older than me, so he was pumping just rap and grunge music. And this was, you know, this was very, very early '90s. And I made my start by making like left-of-center music, and that's how I got discovered. Well, then not to go into the full story, but like for example, you got discovered with "Booty". Yeah, yeah, yeah. Basically, we were making like disgusting, like loud music that was off-the-wall, like you know, the guy was making the song with was like one of the first like bisexual rappers. We had girls naked with huge asses like on our covers, and it was it this this was very like polarizing, you know? >> But this got you noticed to the point that some people wanted to bring you into pop music. Yeah, yeah. And and then imagine that, I'm making this thing, and then I'm sitting in the studio with, you know, Max Martin, Dr. Luke, all these huge, huge songwriters, and I didn't know anything about pop music, but it was cool because I brought that side of it, and I was learning. Look, every room I get in, I'm trying to be a [ __ ] sponge, and because you know what? Here's my one rule, you walk through that [ __ ] door at the studio, you leave your [ __ ] ego at the door, because I'll tell you one thing, I've had songs come out where my friend who doesn't even work in music, who just happens to be staying at my house, is now a writer on a song, and it's on. >> Yes. That's right. You don't know where an idea is going to come from, and you have to be open to anybody's suggestion. They have this young artist, Katy Perry, nobody knows who the [ __ ] she is right at that point. And you're sitting in the studio with a bunch of dudes who are successful producers, you've never done a pop song before. How does this song get born? "I Kissed a Girl". Okay, this one this one's interesting. So, they had a demo of this already. I just had come into the scene, okay? And I remember sitting there and being like, "Yeah, I think this is pretty cool." I just didn't even know about pop me like I'm still just like sitting there, I'm nervous, I'm like, "What the [ __ ] >> in the room with Katy Perry discussing the song or is she sort of not in the discussion yet?" >> They had already written the song. We were in New York at the time. And it was like a demo and then they were like, "We got to make this thing good." And they were like, "Benny, do do some of the [ __ ] you do. You like go do some of the [ __ ] you do." And I remember like adding all this stuff and like turning it like making >> Did you add a beat? Yeah, I added like a beat. I added like some music. You know, it's different every time cuz like sometimes like in that song they had a thing that existed already, okay? Then if you take another song I did with Katy Perry called Teenage Dream, which is probably my favorite one I've done with her. So basically here's what happened. I had just stopped flying at the time, okay? Big fear of flying. And this is 2009. I'm supposed to go out to um LA to work on Katy's album, okay? By the time I get there, they go, "Hey, [ __ ] We uh we actually finished the album and here's the first two singles." I get to the studio. They play me a song called The One That Got Away and a song called Part of Me. I said, "Uh I was bummed out." I go into the side room, start making some beats. And the first two tracks that we started were Teenage Dream and California Gurls in about 15 minutes. And who walks in and hears you putting this beat together? I'm in the [ __ ] lounge, okay? I'm in the lounge, a teeny teeny lounge that has snacks in it. And I have a little laptop set up and we start making a song and I remember Luke walks in. He adds a guitar. We're like doing the [ __ ] back and forth. Then Max Martin walks in. He's like, "Oh, he's like that's pretty good." He was on his way to the [ __ ] bathroom, okay? He starts doing a melody. Um Katy walks in. Then we like kind of put it to bed for the day, okay? We put that one to bed. We we we come back the next day. We write a song. It's good. The we know the melody's good. We rewrite the song seven times, okay? Seven full days we rewrite the song. There's a million different versions. There's a version where she's talking about, you know, before you know it you grow up and you're just a mom in a minivan and it was like a coming of age. We had one about taking your clothes off and [ __ ] We had so many different versions of this song and then it just clicked one day in the studio. We wrote it and and sometimes it happens like that. Sometimes you you know you have a good song and it takes [ __ ] eight days and then sometimes you make a song like Diamonds with Rihanna. So that song, the craziest it happened. This is an unbelievable song. You and Sia wrote this together. >> It's Sia and Stargate, too. >> Why didn't Sia use this for her own album? Why would she give this to Rihanna? Sia writes a song in under five minutes. It's the craziest thing I've ever seen in my entire life, okay? She was waiting for a cab. This was before Uber and they said it's going to be 15 minutes and she said, "Oh, we'll just load up another thing." Song, melody, lyrics, harmonies, everything all done before the cab comes and she's like, "Yeah, that's pretty good." >> Oh my god. And and and then she gives it to Rihanna like it's a a throwaway. But you know, a lot of these artists, you have to remember, a lot of people are songwriters. So sometimes they they put songs and and you never know how a song's going to feel or how it's going to hit you. And you know, Rihanna's such a special artist that the second her voice touches something, it's it's like a firework. She has so much tone and personality. >> You and Sia knew that in the hands of Rihanna this thing could even become better. Yeah, well, I'll tell you, when we first made the demo, I was like, "Yeah, this is cool. I don't know." Cuz we wanted to give the song at the time to Kanye or Eminem. And actually Eminem recorded a song to it, but he didn't say anything till like a year like later until like it was about to come out. It was crazy. And I just remember in that moment being like, "Oh, this is cool." But then once Rihanna sang it, I was like, "Oh my god, this is something." You mentioned California Girls. When you did this one, this again, Katy Perry, this came out of you again sitting in that lounge? >> the start of the song. And I remember we were like we were talking about how there was there's no more California like anthems. We wanted to make like an anthem for California that you could just like ride in. And when you make a song like about a place and it really hits and makes you feel like like I listen to the song and I feel the palm trees. I feel like I'm in that light. Yeah. You know? And Snoop is the [ __ ] I remember when we had Snoop in, we all looked at each other and we were like, "Fuck." We were like, "This is it." Like like it just felt like it all clicked together. It was incredible. Snoop appears to be able to just do the first take right out of his head. Like there's no prep. >> Snoop is the coolest guy. When I first hung out with Snoop, I was like he says my name cooler than it's ever been said. He says everything he says is the cool like I've never felt more like a loser than when I'm with Snoop. Like I've never I I it's like like he walks so cool. It feels like my like limbs don't work when I'm around him. Like I feel like everything I'm doing is awkward. When you worked with him on this song and he and you want him to lay down a rap, you don't give him any suggestions or anything, right? Or you just tell him the vibe of the song? Or do you just stick him in a room and let him do his thing? >> A guy like Snoop, he's so charismatic and he is Snoop, you know? It's like he's so Snoop. Like some artists, you know, I try to I look at it like this. So when I go in as a songwriter or producer I kind of look at it like working out in the gym, okay? Howard, let's say you're writing a song, okay? And you're sitting down, you're at the bench press, and you're trying to lift it up, and sometimes, you know, you need people need no help and they can just put it right up. But sometimes they need me to like get in and just give them a little bit of help. >> You're spotting them. A great producer isn't a producer that comes in and you it sounds exactly like their thing. A great producer comes in and you're just prepping this person and just putting them up on a pedestal and helping them enhance their own idea. That's That's what I want to do. I've watched a lot of video of you at work and stuff and you never wear shoes most times. That's why I brought up Rick Rubin. I'm like, Rick doesn't wear shoes and sometimes he touches his feet a lot and I don't approve of that. Yeah, there you go. What What's with the no shoes thing? Is that part of being a producer? Yeah, just take your shoes off and you can make a hit song. [laughter] Cuz I'll I'll tell you if I can get a hit song with taking my shoes off, I'll do it. >> Yeah, take them Take them off. I don't know. I always I always did it and I always try to keep my studio I always want it to be like, "Homie, there's a bed in every studio I ever work in." Really? That's how I started making music. I was like in the bed I'm always more comfortable. I don't like the big studio. I'm like much more comfortable in a house or coming up with it in like someone's backyard. It's like too much pressure when you're in the [ __ ] studio and it's like it's like, "Who's paying for this? Who's that guy who just walked in?" >> Right. I agree. When I think about the bands in the old days, they'd go in the studio and then just start creating. They'd spending endless hours in there. It's It's crazy. >> It's like hell. This is an interesting one to me cuz I know Adam Levine very well. Maroon 5, Moves Like Jagger. So, at this point in your career when you have like Katy Perry hits and you have Britney Spears hits and you start to really become this guy that's known in the industry, everyone starts calling you, right? Including Maroon 5. Is that how this happens? They said, "Hey, Benny, let's do something together." I was at a Sara Bareilles concert, okay? My business manager goes, "Come to my act, Sara Bareilles, okay?" I go there. I meet a guy his name is Jordy and he represents Maroon 5. He's no longer with us. He passed away. He's actually Jonah Hill's brother and he meets me and he said, "Hey, Adam's never written with another person ever. He's never done it, okay? This was years ago. This was 2009, 2010. He's never written with another person. He wants to try it. And everyone says you're the guy like would you would you be willing to do it?" And I remember at that time I said I said I have a song that's really cool that I started and I'm going to put it out. It's called Stereo Hearts and it's with it was with a guy uh Travie Travie McCoy from Gym Class Heroes. And I said, "You know, would he ever want to come in and work on that with me and be featured on a song?" And they were like, "Nah, I don't know." And I remember I got him to do it. I got Adam to do it. And I remember I went in and I played it for radio and they said, "Maroon 5?" They said, "Nah, those guys those they had their time." And I said I said, "No, no, I really think this guy's [ __ ] special he's got something special. His voice we grew up on this like I really think we could bring him back cuz at this time a few older acts have been coming back like Train and all these acts >> believe you just brought that up because I knew a guy in the record business. I had always had Train on my show. I got to tell you this. I always had Train on my show cuz I thought Pat Monahan was just an incredible singer. Yeah, amazing. >> guy in the record business says to me, "Why do you have those guys on? You know, it's over for them." I said, "Well, what do you mean it's over? Pat's a great singer and the band is [ __ ] kick ass." He goes, "No, they had their time. It doesn't work that way." And then they you know, it was like oh they brought out Soul And they brought out Hey Soul Sister. They had this massive hit and I called the guy he goes, "I never said that." I go, "You absolutely [ __ ] said [clears throat] it." >> course. And it wasn't the same with Maroon 5 because then like when Adam got on The Voice and everything all of a sudden there was renewed interest. So so check this out. So I got him to do the song. That song was a number one hit and then they go, "Okay, let's let's make a song. I made it with my friend Shellback and I remember we finished the song, okay? They Jimmy Jimmy Iovine was still running Interscope. They had another song at radio. Uh please don't ever leave this bed it was called and it was working okay and they weren't done. Maroon 5 was just they were considered a little bit more adult at that point cuz they their audience had grown with them and they became like it was it was a little bit more hot AC. And I remember we did the song and Now Adam wasn't involved yet you and your friend were working on the song? >> in Adam's involved. No we already I'm fast forwarding a teeny I'm fast forwarding a teeny bit, yeah. I did it with my friend Shellback, my friend Amar and Adam and we're sitting there and we did the song and I remember Jordy coming to me and he said hey you know Adam's going to be on this this show it's called The Voice it's going to be like the next American Idol and I was like what are you talking about? He was like no no I'm serious this thing could have legs and he was like we want to perform it on the show. They want us to perform this other song please don't ever leave this bed but we're going to switch out the songs last minute. We know this could be the song and we're just going to put it up on on iTunes and see what happens. Was it called Moves Like Jagger at that point? >> called yeah yeah yeah it was called Moves Like Jagger. The song is I'm I'm I'm I fast forwarded a little bit because this is such a crazy story. So so then they do a switcheroo Jimmy doesn't know nobody knows. They put the song up and it explodes number one every country first day right after they perform it on like the premiere of like The Voice or whatever and I remember Jimmy was on before he was like you're not going to don't do the song don't and he called me after he goes switch the [ __ ] song at radio switch the song and then it it became you know it became their biggest hit ever and and it's so crazy and I'll take you back when when we were making this song, okay? I started the idea with my friend Shellback who's living in Sweden at the time. He's not >> When you say you started the idea, the idea for hey, let's write a song about a guy who moves like Jagger or is it the music that the idea is? He's a genius by the way. He sent me an idea. He sent me the whistle and he sent me like you know, he doesn't really write lyrics. He kind of just write like so he'll send you a thing and it'll be like ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba come suck my dick and he says like he just like says like funny words in the thing but in the chorus there was this thing that was like ba ba ba ba ba ba moves like Jagger. You know, sometimes the melodies tell you what to say and and he was like I don't know, I think this idea is like pretty cool but and I was like dude, this idea is amazing. We start working on it over the internet. We get an idea of it and he you know, I had met him and done a lot of stuff with him. He just happened to be in Sweden then. That's where he lived. And I remember at the time I said I got this guy Adam Levine in Maroon 5. I think we I think this song could be really cool for them. And this was still a little bit it was still a little hard to get people on the Maroon 5 train at that point and I was like no, I'm telling you because Adam so talented Maroon 5 is so great. I just knew it and when someone has a [ __ ] great voice and is a star, they can always there's always time for someone to come back. I don't give a [ __ ] A great voice is a great voice and and you know, I always say this too. If you have a great song, you could put the song in any time period and play it in whatever style that it is at that time and it will still be a hit. Like if we take Moves Like Jagger and bring it back and and and make it like an old time song like it'll be like he's got the moves like Jagger. It would still sound good. They won't know who the [ __ ] Jagger is but Do you ever get into a situation like with that song that you have to convince the artist cuz Moves Like Jagger was like kind of like it could have really gone wrong, you know? Did you have to say to sit down with Adam and go, "Adam, please. This song fits your voice so well." And and maybe he doesn't see even that it's a hit or or something. >> He got it right away. But oh my god, so many times have I had to sit down and and just be like, "Please, I'm telling Those are the songs that are always the biggest." Whenever everyone is fighting for it and they're just like and they're like, "I don't know if I should do this. I don't think you know." And a lot of artists even about their own songs. They'll write a song that's so good and I'll be listening to it on the album and I'll say, "You have to go with this one as the single. Like it's crazy to me. Like how do you not want this song to be even like back in I remember the in Carole King when they were making Tapestry. I remember listening they were fighting over like the songs that were going to go on and she didn't want what's the big one from that? Uh You Make Me Feel Like a Natural Woman. >> Yeah. Yeah. You Make Me Feel Like a Natural Woman. She Thank You. She had written that song with her ex at the time and she didn't want to put it on the album. And Lou Adler was like, "We got to put the song on." And she was like, "No, I don't want to do it." And he convinced her to do it and it was the [ __ ] biggest song in the world. And >> It's those moments. It's so weird to me that artists do not know when they have a hit song. Sometimes they just don't see it. They're ready to throw it in the garbage. It is really >> Yeah, but we all are. We all are as creatives. It's tough. A lot of times it's just you and let's say you're making a painting, Howard. It's you and the painting, okay? And you might think it's [ __ ] dog [ __ ] because you're just not feeling that good that day. That's right. You know, I'm looking at your life, man. It is pretty incredible. You know, to have 30 number one hits. I mean it it's all my the Songwriter Hall of Fame. BMI Songwriter of the Year four times. 11 Grammy nominations. I mean, have you won the Grammy? Yeah, we did Uh for for Ed's album because I did like a certain amount of it and yeah, we got we got a thing. But I don't I for me the awards none of that [ __ ] means anything. I always tell all all the artists and no award means anything. You know what means something when uh you're sitting there and you see a 100,000 people singing every song. You know what really means something when I'm like in a car and I look look next to me and there's like a mother and daughter like singing the song together and like really having that moment. Like those are the those are the feelings that matter. Does it frustrate you that you're not a singer yourself because even when you put out your own music and you know you've got [ __ ] doesn't really No, look at listen to my [ __ ] voice. Are you kidding me? Yeah, but wouldn't it be great if you could sing these songs? Like I think of Pete Townshend. He you know he's got to get Roger Daltrey to sing his songs. Pete Townshend a brilliant songwriter. You think about the band, Robbie Robertson wrote all those great songs, you know, and and he had to get someone else to sing them. I would think it's frustrating. No, I don't want to be that guy. I I honestly it's like when I told you like the famous thing like it's like I hate it. I I don't I don't like having fame. I for to me there's so many people that are so much better than me. Like why would I sing the song? You know how much better Rihanna's? You know how much better Ed Sheeran's? You know how much better SZA's? Like these people are so much better than me. I I'm doing a disservice. Look at me. Like look >> [laughter] >> Like I do a disservice. >> good looking guy. You're you're a nice looking guy. Get Yeah, I know you you put yourself down but but stop it already with that. Do you ever fantasize man if I could just get to the Rolling Stones, I would love to produce a new Rolling Stones album because I know what to do with those guys. My friend actually did produce that album. The new Stones album. His name is Andrew Watt. He does that. He does Aussie, all that. For me, you fall in love with these artists and I don't want to be the one to [ __ ] it up. There's a time when people make certain music in their life and when I meet someone I'll be like, "Oh, I want to be a part of this time." A lot of times I have to say no to things I that I even want to do. Like that happens all the time where I say, "You know what? I'm not the right fit for this." >> Give me an example of that, like where you've been asked to be a part of an album and you said no, even though it's a big artist. You know, there's so many times where like I'll get in with someone or like I'll say like, "Oh, I've done like Okay. Ed Sheeran is one of my best friends I met in the music industry. You could almost say he's your lover because you guys make beautiful music together. Is that a fair statement? >> He's my Yeah, he's my lover. >> He is. You love him. >> We've literally fallen asleep in the same bed together. He's He's He's a guy I've been friends with forever. I've been there since the begin like the I've watched it all happen. >> did Ed know about you? Did he know about you from, you know, from working with Maroon 5 and working with Katy Perry? How did he know you? One of my managers, Andrew, used to work at Atlantic Records, okay? And Ed just put out his first song. He put out A Team in like his first like big commercial song. He just put it out in the UK. And my manager says, you know, he's still working at Atlantic. He said, "Hey, there's a song that's starting to brew over in England. I think this guy's amazing. You got to work with him. You got to check him out." They put us on This is back when I used email. I don't even use email anymore, but they put me on the email with them and they said, "You guys got to get in the studio together." And I remember I like just wrote something fun. I was like I I was just like [ __ ] with everyone cuz there was like all these business people on the email and I was like, "I got to take a shit." or something. And then he wrote back, "I got had take a [ __ ] too." And then he did a show, a small show in LA for like a thousand people and I went and I was blown away by him, okay? And he comes to New York, we go out, we get really drunk one night, we like have a lot of fun together and then he's like, "All right, I'm coming back to New York in like two weeks. Let's write a song." We wrote two songs the first day at my apartment. >> Wow. Wow. >> Are you nervous at that point? Like like you go like, "Oh [ __ ] this kid, he's really talented but I got to go sit in a room and then I got and embarrassing to let up Like do you ever think your ideas are stupid? Do you ever go, "Oh, I've got this idea but I'm embarrassed to present it to him?" >> No, I got the stupidest ideas in the world. Everyone does. But that's the rule in my studio is no idea is stupid, even if it's stupid, okay? I come up with the stupidest [ __ ] ideas. And this song became Ed's first top 10 hit in the United States. Ed is a true storyteller. You look at someone like SZA. SZA can only make songs that SZA could sing. She's putting her blood, sweat, and tears into these songs and telling stories that people can relate to because a lot of people are scared to say the [ __ ] that she'll say. She'll say, "When you went to Las Vegas, I [ __ ] my boyfriend's best friend and because he treated me terribly. I guess I could be like your supermodel if you believe." And she sang things that really touch people and give people strength. And you know, it's I could never write anything like That's why I love working with her. And when you say you write like in your studio, no idea is too stupid because I like that. I I I mean as a guy who's done radio all these years and I and I work with so many writers and people and I always say when we have a writing meeting, I don't want to censor anybody. We got to hear every dumb idea and I was thinking you and Ed, you wrote a song for the Lego Batman movie and the original version about it was about Batman's penis, right? You wrote a song about Batman's [ __ ] And that's a really dumb idea and yet it evolved. That's it. That's where you have to be. Oh my god, when we we turned that thing it was me, Lil Dicky, and Ed Sheeran, okay? And we wrote it was my dream. I never write songs for movies, but I really loved the first Lego movie, and I said I want to do one, and we submitted this song, and it was all about Yeah, it was like about like Batman's penis, and the people wrote us back, and they said, "You're disgusting. This is childish. Please don't ever send us any songs ever again. Yeah, you should guys should be ashamed of yourself." What what was your thought about that? Cuz when I think about Batman, it is all about his [ __ ] He wears that giant belt with the codpiece. And it's big. >> [ __ ] It's huge. And that was your thought, right? That Were you the guy who brought up you said, "Hey, look at Batman's [ __ ] [ __ ] Let's have this in the room. Like someone's got to address this." Yeah, no one's addressing this [ __ ] huge piece. I was I was sitting there, and I and and my that's always my thing. I'm like, "Let's write about a cock." Like for that's like always my first idea. And I remember we turned it in. They said it was dog [ __ ] and then 6 months later we got a call. They said, "Hey, we actually like this. Could you just like change this line and this line?" And then they and then they came around. Yeah, because you can always sort of obscure the fact that it's about a penis. It's your original thought that can be manipulated. It's a cool way to write. You can't censor yourself. I don't believe in that. You know, music is like this childlike thing to me, where it's just it You know when you're listening to a song and it's so good you can't you can only smile. You have to smile. Or you see a piece of art that's so good you smile. And and or some or you read a book that's so good you just you can't help but smile. It's that feeling. Like in and musicians get this feeling. I I've talked to a a of people. When you're coming on to that like hit song and you're you're starting to feel it, you get this feeling like in your stomach and your chest. It feels like you like you're kissing someone for the first time or you're about to get hit by a car and like that's the feeling. That's the feeling we chase. I was watching you on Architectural Digest when they come into your house. I'm thinking man, you're a real young guy and you have tremendous success. And then I see that Picasso hanging on your wall. It's not in a museum and I go that must be the ultimate trip to be that young and to be able to afford a Picasso. Do you think in a way it's dangerous to to get so much success so early like you did like could it [ __ ] up your whole sense of I don't know wonder and everything. Do you ever like have to put that in check? I'm one of those people that's like like I didn't grow up a [ __ ] billionaire rich kid. Like I I we I I did this. I grew up in Virginia. I did like and I have a really good set of people around me like you know my friends, my family, you know they're quick to say like hey shut the [ __ ] up, man. You know and do I love like expensive sushi? Yeah, I love it but I also like eating like food out of the trunk of my car out standing outside of a highway on a food truck. To me it's about the experiences and yeah, is it [ __ ] awesome that like I've been so lucky to be able to like stare at like a Picasso or like a Noah Davis or a George Condo. Like yeah, I pinch myself every day. When I came like I was on my way here. It was [ __ ] early as [ __ ] I'm on my way and I was sitting here like like you don't know how much like I grew up listening to your [ __ ] Private Parts was like my favorite movie growing up. I probably watched it 200 times. My mom got a new car just because you switched over to XM and she had to get XM Sirius Satellite Radio. Like everything I do, I don't I do not take for granted and I'm and I'm I'm so fortunate and I try to do everything I can to like help give people those experiences and find new guys and build and girls and build them up and and give them opportunities and No, I don't I don't take it for granted at So, Benny, it wasn't like a game plan of yours as a guy. It was We're talking guy to guy. When you do a song like I Can't Get Enough and you got Selena Gomez on it, who's your girlfriend now? You're You're not calculated to the point where you go, "Hey, I'll get Selena Gomez on my record and I'll ask her out." You were friends with her for years. >> Yeah, we had songs for years. We had songs come out in 2015. We had a meeting when she was 16 and I was like, you know, 20 or something. And like I'm I'm so stupid. I'm always the last guy to know if somebody wants to like hang out with me. I'm like I'm like I'm like, "Holy [ __ ] we're about to have sex?" Like Yeah, but it's it's probably the reason she fell in love with you because you aren't a guy who's like trying to force the issue. You're like You're like, "Hey, she's not into me, so let's just work." I mean You just got to keep it cool. You do. Keep it cool. It was so crazy when we went out on our first date, I didn't even know it was a date. She was like, "Hey, you you you want to hang out?" And I was like, "Yeah." We we we go and we hang out and I remember we were talking. She's such a forward person and she's like the coolest, the nicest, the sweetest, like everything. And I remember sitting there and she's like, "Well, I would have worn something different for this date." And I was like, "Wait, we're What? We're on a date?" And I was like, and then, you know, before I knew it, we're hanging out the next day and the next day and the next and it was just like Isn't that a mind [ __ ] You don't know you're on a date, so you're being cool and you're being relaxed and you're just It's like one of your friends and then as soon as she says to you, "We're on a date." Your whole demeanor changes, right? You're suddenly fixing your hair. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. >> [laughter] >> I'm like, [ __ ] I'm you know. You Yeah, that's why you you should never know you're on a date. It's crazy because we always like the way we talk and stuff, you know, people always said this to me. You know, when you know, you meet your best friend like she's truly just like my best friend. We just like >> Wow. we laugh all [ __ ] day. She's inspires me. I get home from work. I think I had a good day. I'm like, "What did you do?" She's like, "Oh, I just uh filmed this thing with Meryl Streep and then like I went to a fundraiser and now I'm like recording it My day sounds like [ __ ] every day. [laughter] Yeah, what's nice is it sounds to me though like you're you're not competitive with one another because that's the kiss of death when two famous people, two successful people get together. I can't tell you how many relationships I know of personally that have been ruined because it gets competitive. One person's hot, the other one gets cold and then you start to get resentful. That's the danger of a relationship. >> I look at it with us it's like we both did it. Like we both did it. We're both successful in our own right and there there's no ego. Like we're not talking like when we're like you know, hanging out at the house, we're not being like, "Oh my god, like I just did this song and I did We like we barely talk about that type of stuff at all. We're just talking about regular [ __ ] you know?" Yeah, but what's so fabulous I think about your life and this will get me into the cookbook. I'm picturing this life where you're dating Selena Gomez who by the way, it blows my mind that she has 429 million followers on Instagram. I can't even fathom that. Like all the years I'm on radio never had 429 million followers. You know what I mean? It's crazy. What I mean, that's like running a country. That's like crazy. It's bec- You know why You know why I think it is? She's never afraid to be herself which which I I I always admire about her. She always says what's on her mind. She is a genuine like the things she says like I remember one time we were we were in like a bodega and we had just like pulled up and like this girl starts crying and she says I love you. I love you. I remember Selena takes all of her, you know, she owns a beauty brand. She takes all the lipsticks out that like hadn't even come out yet and she said, "Here, take all these. I don't need them. I can get new ones." And she makes these moments for these kids because she's a genuine like literally the warmest soul I've ever met. And I think people are attracted to that and they just love it and she's she yeah, she it is crazy because I never look at her like that. I just look at her as the person who's hanging out with me. I'm not like, "Oh my god, she's got 400 whatever many you said she had." >> [laughter] >> How affected do you get when someone online, especially with 429 million followers, they start to comment on you? Cuz these kids now, they comment on like like I see with with with Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce. You're kind of in the same position. I mean, in a weird way. Like Taylor's fans have to accept Travis. And like with you, it's like, "Well, Selena's dating Benny. I don't like him." And this Do you get any of that [ __ ] I don't read any comments or anything. And this was far far before far before all this [ __ ] because, you know, I always urge artists and [ __ ] because, okay, look, there's two things that are going to happen. You're either going online and someone's sucking your dick and being like, "Oh my god, you're the best. You're the best." And what do you need that for? What you need them to stroke your ego? Or they go online and some kid in their parents' basement being like, "You know what? Actually, you know, that that painting that Picasso painting in Benny's house [ __ ] sucks." Like Right. Right. You don't you don't want to get ruined. There's no point. There's no point. I I don't read into any of that stuff. And all that's fake. It's just [ __ ] online. People will want to write stuff and comment and there's no point to looking. >> And you don't get insecure when she's like on set and she is acting and she's with some hot dude and and all that. How do you keep that in check, too? I'm bad with that stuff. No, I don't I don't I'm not jealous at all. I have no jealousy. No, no, I don't have any jealousy at all. I don't know, man. I don't buy it. I swear. What am I What am I going to get Who Who Who gives a [ __ ] She's She's What if she's making out with some dude? You know Yeah. [ __ ] your head up. It's going to be. No. Yes. Why would Why do you care so much? Because I get jealous. >> care? But what are you getting jealous about? You think she's going to fall in love with him and say, "Wow, this kiss was so much better than Howard. I hate his breath." Like >> Yes. I remember when I first met my wife, she was on some TV show. She was doing a little guest thing. And she had she had to kiss this guy in it. And it would made me [ __ ] It was like I mean I didn't I acted cool. I was like, "Ah, yeah, who gives a [ __ ] about that guy?" But I cared. I cared. You cared. Inside you you cared. Yeah. No, I mean like to me it's just I always just look at it like this. I'm always cool about anything because it's like, you know, it's like when people like run into like someone had it like a part I know I know where her heart is and I know where my heart is. I don't know. I don't get jealous. Wow, that's awesome. Did you meet cuz she's on that the show on Apple with Steve Martin and Martin Short. You hanging with those dudes? Oh my god, it's the best. It's so funny. You know, most people you go Yeah, you know, "Hey, my my girlfriend's going to bring me over for dinner somewhere." And you're like, "No." You know, I'll be sitting with her and it's I'm sitting with Martin Short and Steven Spielberg and Eugene Levy. Everything Everything Yeah, it's insane. I remember we were going to this restaurant and we're going to like Polo Bar in New York. And they were like, "Oh, when you get there, ask for the Al Pacino table." And I was like, "Oh, they must have like names like Frank Sinatra, Al Pacino." I get down and [ __ ] Al Pacino's having dinner with us. Like, yeah, it's it's it's crazy. But, Steve and Marty, they're the last of a [ __ ] generation. Those guys are genius-level brilliant. And and Steve is so fun You know, he loves art, too. He's a big collector. So, like, I'm always in awe. And Marty is is dropping gems every day. And like, you can't help but have a stomach ache from laughing every time you hang out with those guys. Do you feel insecure in that setting? I've been around Steve Martin and Martin Short. And I'm You know, I'm considered by some to be pretty funny. I don't even try to be funny. I've sat in a room with Steve, and I do not even feel comfortable attempting something like humor in front of Steve Martin. That's how intimidated I am by him. Do you not get a little bit >> coming from? >> Oh, my Well, you got time? You got another 7 hours? I'll tell you exactly where it comes from. >> [laughter] >> No, but you know. So, when you're So, you put out this cookbook. Let's tell people what's going on. Benny Blanco is who I'm talking to. The man has had a lot of success in the music business. He's hung with everybody. And it seems to me one of your passions now is having people over to your pad, your incredible house. I saw the kitchen, I saw the dining room and all that. And you started throwing parties. And the book seems to me to cover not just cooking and what you should cook at a party, but also how to the ambiance. Like, you even get into like, you know, what type of weed you should serve at the party, right? Yeah, what type of weed? So, I'm going to have a dinner party for, let's say, 30 people. It's a big party. I would call that a big party, right? 30 people? >> Yeah, huge party. You're not You're Do you do that? No. Do you have Do you have Do you have dinner parties? No, you hate everyone, right? No, we have dinner party. I do not hate everyone. I My wife yes had a dinner party for 30 people one time. But with most most of our parties are like 10 people at the most. >> Okay, so so let's be realistic. Okay, there's 10 you're having 10 people, okay? Do you know all these people really well? Not always. You know, some are new some are new friends or maybe they're um friends of friends. >> Friends of friends, some are famous, some aren't famous, some of old friends of mine from you know, from years ago, that kind of thing. >> So you're at home. Here's what I do, okay? I try to create like just like how when I'm in the studio or something. I want everyone to instantly feel comfortable and feel like they can be themselves, okay? Because I don't want to go to a nightclub. I don't work at a nightclub. I I'm I'm five I'm 5'4" on a good day. Like I can't be in the nightclub. >> No, I'm 5'5", 5'5". 5'5". Is that Is that Is that a bummer for to be five Like I'm 6'5". And I I can't stand it. >> Yes. >> Is that >> [laughter] >> I feel awkward. I feel like a giraffe walking around. I feel like everyone can see me. I I I was 6'2" as I entered college and I felt so comfortable because 6'2" was good. And then I grew 3 in in college. So when you're 5'5" does that give you a chip on your shoulder at all? Did did did the kids in school pick on you? Was there anything like that? No, my penis looks so much bigger on my body. Like you have to have you have to have like a like a 24-in dick for it to look normal on your body. >> It is so shameful the size of my penis because I act cuz people are expecting You've got a big penis, huh? It's pretty good. >> Yeah, you know how I knew you had a big penis? Cuz you get in the shower with your buddy. You know, you're naked in front of other dudes. And uh >> Yeah. You wouldn't be naked in front of another Oh, [ __ ] no. Hell no. >> No, you you never taken a shower with a friend? Are you out of your mind? But with a woman I have, but I'm I'm semi-erect always. Whenever I'm in front of a woman. >> have You have to be. You have to Yeah. >> [laughter] >> I've never been flaccid in front of a woman. >> No. No. No. No. No. You have to You have to I have to take covers and immediately throw them over my body. Like They aren't you uptight about that? You You In other words, in your house I saw you have a double shower. There's two nozzles for water. Yeah. That is crazy to me that you'll get in there with one of your male friends. I'm very comfortable being naked like in front of like any like I don't care. You must have a beautiful penis. You must have a beautiful [laughter] penis and balls. I mean, it's unbelievable. What about your buddy Eric Andre? I love that guy. I I love Eric Andre. Oh, you were you were fantastic on his show. You didn't get thrown by anything. They [ __ ] They [ __ ] with you so much. Eric comes out, hugs you, and then rips off all his clothes. Oh my god. It's a I mean, I've seen his dick like 9 million times. So He's got a big dick. >> he's got a nice one. Making the Jews proud. Yeah. He's the [ __ ] best. He's the best. Yeah, I talked to him this morning. He's one of the coolest, most genuine dudes. Hilarious. Nice. Yeah. >> that show he does. And and then then you sat down, he handed you bongos, and put glue over the top of the bongos. And And you really know nothing. You really know nothing. Okay? It's not like a stick where he's saying like, "Okay, now we're going to do the bongos." Like when I walked in to the backstage and said, "Hey, we're not going to tell you what's going on. The only thing we can tell you is we need to test the shock collar on you to see how much how By by law, how much shock you can take." And I was like, "What the fuck?" And you just have to go with it. >> You're incredibly brave. I would never go on that show. I would be very nervous about what was going to happen to me. I love the show. I think it's one of the funniest shows out there. Oh, it's hilarious. Yeah. Do you When you in with him, I got to ask you this. I'll get back to the party. When you're in friendship with Eric Andre and he does weird [ __ ] to you like he says I'll make the dinner reservation for you and then you get there and you know, the reservation doesn't exist. Like he will [ __ ] with you, right? Is that what he does? Doesn't it get fatiguing? He's a very like sensitive like caring guy. So he would never do something like that. It's funny like you would think so because of his show he would never do like if you know him closely like he would never do that. He would never he's so like he cares so much about like people's heart and but I will tell you something funny though. He'll be like okay man. I I need a reservation tonight and it'll be at the hardest reservation in the world. He's like I'm taking this girl out on a date. I need this reservation at like Per Se or something and he's like can you get me in? I'll pull every string. I'll get him into the reservation and then I'll be like how was it and he'll be like we actually went to Chick-fil-A instead. Like he does stuff [laughter] like that. Like he is like but but he would never do like he's so compassionate. He would never do that. It's funny to see how different people are. Does it get fatiguing having so many celebrity friends because of the world you're in and the and all the musicians you know and all of the famous people you know through Selena? It does it ever get fatiguing like you have to be on all the time? It's like it when I'm having a dinner party. I I don't notice it cuz you know a lot of these people I've known since before they were famous and if somebody's hanging around with me they're like I only keep people that I love that are like genuine nice people. You know if you're at my house you know my mom will walk in with like a bedazzled rhinestone shirt that says like bada bing and then like they'll be like a toddler with parmesan in their hand but they'll also be you know a famous actor next to you just talking but that's what I think brings people together is I like putting awkward combinations together because you never know what's going to happen. You know, you put Eric Andre next to my grandmother and they're going to have a great night, you know. I mean, there is some people who might not see the beauty in that. Like Taylor Swift might come over and go, "I don't really want to be sitting next to your grandmother." I mean, I don't know her, but I'm just saying, you know, [laughter] that kind of thing. You just don't know. You just said something interesting to me. A lot of the people you know, you knew before they got famous. Who is the person that you met that you knew before they got famous and now they're one of the biggest superstars. Who would that be? That you could think of. >> of them. Really? Besides Ed Sheeran, who else? Ed Sheeran, Katy Perry. What about Billie Eilish? Did you know her before she got famous? I recorded with Billie Eilish when she was 13 years old. What? How did that happen? >> Her lawyer is also my lawyer and they said, "Hey, we got this amazing duo, this brother and sister, and they're going to be really big. They're They're about to sign to Interscope." And I remember saying I listened to a song and I said, "Oh my god, bring them over." And they came over together and I mean, they are some of the most talented people I've ever stepped in the room with. Billie's great and you know, Finneas is a very close friend of mine. You know, he's Super talented kid. I mean, unbelievable. >> my And their whole family, you know, I do a I do a charity I share a charity with the mother, Maggie. Like their whole family is incredible and they're like the perfect example of like how to raise your kids and still stay grounded and be famous. I mean, the family still lives in the same house they lived in before they were famous. >> Crazy. What about you? You're going to have kids or that You have no room for kids in your life, right? You're never going to have kids. I I What do you mean I want to have I That's That's like my That's like my next the goal on the back like to check off. I'm kidding. >> oh Yeah, I love you know, I have a lot of I have a lot of guy kids. I got a ton of nephews. I like Yeah, it's my favorite I love being around kids. >> want to have kids with Selena? Have you told her you want to have kids yet? I always want It's always It's always a topic of conversation to me every day. Like I talk of I talk about kids. I talk about kids all the time. >> You are in love. You're ready. Of course I'm in When will you propose? You should make the announcement now. When are you going to propose to your very famous girlfriend Selena? What [laughter] What are you thinking? >> Look, I take everything a day at a time and I just know when I look at her, I do say I'm always just like I don't know a world where it could be better than this. I always That's what I always say to her. I I say I don't know >> So, how long have you been going out? >> What are you waiting for? >> out a Almost Almost a year. Almost a year. >> Oh, a year, okay. Yeah, yeah, we're having We're about to be like our year anniversary and I do tell you I don't I I couldn't think of an easier You know, I always say that I always get scared cuz I'm like when's it going to get bad? It's just >> you live together yet? You guys live together? We I mean we spend so much I mean we're both traveling so much. We spend so much time together Oh, you do. It's You know, I mean we just spent every single day together for 3 weeks in New York and then she was at my house yesterday. She just flew to Paris or wherever wherever she was going. She's going somewhere. >> Maybe give her a ring. What about a ring for the 1-year anniversary? What do you got planned for the You're the You're the master chef and master party planner. What do you got planned for the 1-year anniversary? It's right around her birthday. I got some really good stuff. Literally for her, but she's the cheapest date Okay, this is what we did for Valentine's Day. This is This is This is literally >> Yeah. This is literally what we did for Valentine's Day. Her favorite thing is is Taco Bell. So, I These are her favorite foods. Okay. So, I said, "I want to do something that she loves." And she loves movies. She loves So, I rented out a movie theater. And she loves a comfortable couch. So, I took out the seats and we put like a huge couch in the front. And I had I was like, "What are all her favorite foods?" So, I thought of them. You know, I I spoke with her grandma. I spoke with her mom, her best friend. And This is what This is what I came up with. I made her fried pickles there. I brought a deep fryer, everything. Made her fried pickles. I got her all her favorite Taco Bell. I got her She loves hot Cheetos. I got her hot Cheetos. And then she loves movie theater nachos. So, I brought in a nacho machine. And then we watched, you know, her favorite movie like growing up was Almost Famous. So, we watched Almost Famous. We we ate [ __ ] nachos. And like that's what she loves. Like she's like the easiest You're some [ __ ] boyfriend, man. Holy [ __ ] You're You're knocking it out of the park. You rented a movie theater and you pulled out the seats and put in a couch. Yeah, I tried to I tried to do everything for a proposal. You got to propose. You got to What do you think? For for anniversary >> I think you know what you know what I think? I think I think I got to come up with the best You know, everything always has to be the best way possible. I always try to think, "You know, if I'm like you know, every day every day I try to make her her favorite breakfast every single day. Every day I go to the same place. >> What is a typical breakfast that you'll make? For her for myself? Uh-huh. For her she wants She wants the same thing every day. She loves Her favorite thing is she either has like chorizo and eggs in like a tortilla, chorizo and eggs in like a quesadilla, chorizo and eggs and rice and beans. Like she wants some version of that. Like and and I'll always be >> that? You cook that yourself? Yeah. Yeah, I love cooking and and you know, it's that time where we really get to be with each other. Like I'm sure I'm sure you know, you and Beth like you have those certain times where you're that's like your dedicated time. And I and we're both so busy that we are those times are so important to us where we can just like chill and be regular and you know, it's she'll sit with me and and and we'll talk, we'll cook, we'll we'll talk about what's going to happen. And you know, cuz we both wake up really early. We both wake up [ __ ] early. I wake up Do you wake up early? Beth and I wake up Beth and I wake up at 4:00 in the morning. We we were up this morning talking at 4:00 a.m. Yeah, we wake up early. >> at Why do you wake up at 4:00 a.m.? >> I'm a morning man and she decided in our relationship like she was going to get up with me and get on my schedule. So, we love that time. We love the early morning. >> bed? We go to bed We hit the bed 8:00 last night. We went to bed 8:00, watched American Idol, and then went to sleep. That was the night. >> 8:00? 8:00 you go to bed? >> by night. Yeah, but we get up at 4:00. I mean, what are you going to do? >> What happens if it's like the weekend Like what what happens if Keith Richards says like >> What if he wants you to go out? >> No, we went to a dinner party. Speaking about but this was a great party. But it was only like eight couples the other night and uh Okay. It was a Friday night. I was in a panic. They don't eat till 7:00. We eat dinner at 5:00. And I had to wait till 7:00. And it was like To me the perfect You see, the perfect dinner party is hard to plan because to me if it's not at 5:00 p.m., it's not happening. It's not good. >> [laughter] >> What's waking up early for you? What time do you get up? I I wake up I wake up naturally. I mean, today I woke up really early, but naturally I I probably start waking up at like 6:00 naturally. No matter what time I go to bed. I could go to bed at 5:00 in the morning and at 6:00 I spring out of bed. That's right. That's why you got to go to bed early. It's crazy. >> Yeah, oh yeah. If I go to bed at 2:00 in the morning, I'll be up at 4:00. No, no, when was when was the last time you went to bed at 2:00 in the morning? Oh god, I got I couldn't even tell you. I couldn't even tell you. [ __ ] crazy. >> But but but back in the day but back in the day you would, right? I was single for a brief time and I would, you know, then I would push to like I would go to a club when I was single. And my friends would go I go, is there are there any clubs open at 8:00 p.m.? And they go, 8:00 p.m.? They go there dude, there's nobody there. I would bring my friends to a club at 8:00 p.m. They'd be like one girl there. >> 8:00 p.m.? No club is ever opened at 8:00 p.m. We were there with like the wait staff like getting lectured. >> [laughter] >> 8:00 p.m.'s crazy. You know, it was so funny. I remember I was with Lil Dicky and we were in Las Vegas. Or no, we were in New York at the time. And we stayed up until 5:30 until the sun was coming up and he had never stayed up that late in his entire life. He said I've he said I got to take a picture. I've never stayed up this late in my entire which is crazy. I stay up Yeah, I can stay up you know, I don't need much sleep. I could stay up really late and just keep it rocking. Do you need a lot of sleep? What do you need? Yeah, I need I need 6 to 7 hours at least. I got to get it or else I'm a cranky kind of guy. I once stayed up all night, but I was on acid. So it was uh >> One time in your whole life? Well, I stayed up two cuz I sometimes had to do some overnight shifts in radio early on. So yeah, it was that kind of thing. Do you get anxiety? Oh, [ __ ] yeah. I anxiety My whole life has been anxiety. It's It's torture. >> it in the morning or at at night? This morning I was filled with dread. I could barely function this morning. I mean, I got so much anxiety. I just had this general feeling of of doom. Just doom. How do you feel >> I feel good now talking to you. I'm having a good time. So, this is nice. This is a nice distraction. >> Yeah, no. I have my >> Yeah, sometimes Yeah, sometimes I get I had it the other night. Sometimes I don't even know where it's coming from. What was going on? I couldn't tell you. People who don't understand anxiety, they'll be like, "Well, why don't you just calm down?" >> [laughter] >> Oh, yeah. Well, that's I'd like to. Yeah, yeah. They say like, "Well, why Well, well, what's making you feel crazy?" And sometimes I don't even know. Sometimes it can be something so simple as me being like, "Oh, [ __ ] I have to wake up really early tomorrow. I don't know if I'm going to get enough sleep." And then I get anxious about not being able to get enough >> [laughter] >> Yeah, I could I could spend the whole day on that. Like, I was building up to this party, going out. I said to my wife, "Well, dinner's at 7:00. That means we're not going to get out of there till like 10:30 or something." How we What And then we're I'm not going to And then I'll get home by 11:00. And then I have to unwind and and I'll be up at 4:00. And And I'm ready to, you know, What time did you What time did you wind up going to bed that night? Uh about 11:30. I was bummed out. And I woke up early and I was miserable all day. I was all cranky. >> [laughter] >> What happened to you? You've described yourself at 21 that you broke down mentally. Like, what happened? Were you just insecure about making it? I had already made it. Like, what was it? So, okay. Okay, okay. I think it all just hit me too quickly. Like, people aren't supposed to be You're not supposed to be that successful when you're that young. You're just not. You're not. We're not equipped. We're too young. I was, you know, I was 20 years old and I had already been suc- 21. I had already been successful for a few years, and it all hit me. Were you a millionaire by the time you were 21? Uh I hate talking about money, but uh yes. Okay. No, that's kind of a heady thing. I'll tell you one thing because I didn't I made music because I loved it. I didn't even understand that you could make money like that. I was just so so obsessed with music and so obsessed with making doing the thing because I got that feeling that I was telling you about that would make me it was that hit by a car feeling and I wanted to recreate that and I kept I was it was it was a drug to me, you know, I was never really into drugs. So that was like the drug to >> So how did you how did you never take piano lessons or guitar lessons or any of that stuff? >> I I did take it. >> And I I didn't know that. >> Yeah, but I would take it and every day I would switch to a new I just talked to my guitar teacher the other day from when I was like six. I I you know, he is I talked to him all the time. He's a very sweet guy and I would switch instruments every week and my mom would be like, you can't even play you've been practicing guitar for two years and you can't play Stairway to Heaven. >> Can you read music? >> No. Are you [ __ ] crazy? Why not? I just started playing guitar. I started playing guitar 9 weeks ago and I I read music. Well, you're a genius. I'm a [ __ ] genius. >> I'm an imbecile. >> do any I can't do anything. I told you. You think I'm joking and trying to be humble. I can't do anything. I get in the like like I No, I can't read music. I if you press any note on a I'm not Charlie like Charlie Puth like I when I work with him in the studio he you press any button and he knows what what the note is. I don't know anything. You know what I know? I know when I like something or I know when I want to write about something. I'm I'm like a big picture type of guy. I don't I I can't focus on the minutia. So why did you what happened when you were 21? You just panicked and you >> 21 I realized you know, my whole life I didn't know, you know, nowadays everyone knows what anxiety is. They know what stress is. They know what you know, panic attacks are. I didn't know what that stuff was. I you know, I always kept it to myself. I was like, oh, like of course the room spins when you're about to like take a test when you're 12. Like, oh yeah, of course like I I didn't know I didn't speak to I didn't have therapy like that. I didn't have I didn't It wasn't or I'd be like, "Mom, I feel weird." They'd be like, "Shut [laughter] up and go to school." You know what I mean? I I didn't Who has time for you? Yeah, yeah. I didn't I didn't understand what that meant and I remember it just like consumed me at that point and I was I had money. I didn't know I I have a very weird relationship with money. When I started getting it, I didn't I didn't understand it and I was scared like I used to not I would be too scared to look at my bank account. I didn't want to like I didn't want to know. So, I would never >> Oh, you have OCD. You have OCD. You probably thought something bad would happen to your money if you uh looked at it. No, no, not but I do have OCD. I have obsessive Oh my god, like in my fridge every single thing is facing the But, that's why I know how to produce because I like order and I like bringing the mess to chaos to order. But, I am Yeah, no, I I just No, I was just it would always felt weird to me because, you know, I never had a big house growing up. I never had fancy cars. I never and I don't I don't I I I don't care about those things particularly now either, but um it was just overwhelming and people asking me, you know, "Hey, can you give me some money for this? Hey, can you do that? Hey, uh can you introduce me this person? Hey, can you get me tickets to this thing?" And it was all this so many people >> Pressure. asking pressure. Yeah, and I was young and it was at this point I had started making big songs. So, every time I got in the studio I was expected to make the big song for someone and I I was so young. I was still developing. I was, you know, 20 years old, 21 and then like you're, you know, all these things are happening. You go anywhere. You can get anything for free. There's women, there's this, there's that. And and and it was all happening to me so quickly. And I remember I was living in a hotel at that point. I was living at the Bowery Hotel in New York. And I was insane. I would walk around with a robe on all the time. And I I I I You know, it just it just happened. It hit me. And a a man named Barry Lebetkin that was my therapist that somebody hooked me up with saved my life. And I got my head on my shoulders. And I and I did it, you know, it was very important for me. I wanted to do it without medicine. I wanted to you know, because some some of my family, you know, struggles with addiction and drugs. And I and I really wanted to try to do it with my own mind and learn learn what made me tick. And what were the triggers? And you know, I started doing CBT therapy. It was very important to me. They had cognitive behavioral therapy. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it was very important to me to be able, you know, to get this toolbox where whenever I was having, you know, anxious thoughts, I could reach into this little toolbox and help myself get over it. And and I've helped so many artists and people do that. And it's okay. I'm I I I always, you know, try to tell people it's okay. Yeah, I got I got so many issues, you know? And It's okay to have them. And it's okay to not, you know, You know, it's okay to fall back on it sometimes and be like, you know what? I feel [ __ ] anxious. Even though, you know, overall I do feel great all the time. And I, you know, I'm very lucky that I never had to struggle with like depression or anything. And I know how tough that is. And but yeah, but yeah, I struggle with anxiety. I struggle with imposter syndrome. I struggle with all these things, you know? And They never though that stuff never goes away. It's at bay, but never goes away. >> have >> be institutionalized or anything, did you? You went and just found a therapist or did you have to go somewhere? I did not. And it also scared me because my um some people in my family have had, you know, struggled with that and been institutionalized and I always was scared. I was like, "Oh my god, I don't want to go crazy." So, I would be scared where I was like my anxiety where I would I would say, "Well, if I get too anxious or something, I might go crazy and I will and then I'll be too far away like it'll be like a tunnel and I won't be able to get it back." And I I was petrified of that. And then, you know, I used to be petrified of dying and then, you know, and then one day I was just like, "You know what? I'm going to die one day and that's okay. That's okay." Like and I got to live I got to live my life not being afraid. My mom is she's the greatest person in the world, but I sometimes she's like crippled with certain fears that that that and and that I never think of like I'll say, "You know, I'm going to go do this thing." And she'll go, "Well, what what what if you get kidnapped or something?" And I'm like, "Mom, I've never thought Some I always tell her I say, "You can think of you think of scenarios I've never thought about in my entire life." I I You know, she's like, "Well, what if someone comes in and they and they rob you?" And I said, "Then someone comes in and I always This is my favorite thing." My mom will say, "Do you know I've saved up my money and and and, you know, but but what if I get sick and I run out of money and I what if I get sick and I run out of money?" I said, "Mom, then you get sick and you run out of money and then I pay for it." And she said, "Yeah, but what if I'm sick when I get older?" And I said, "Then you die." Like like you know, my [clears throat] dad's my dad's the opposite way. He says, "The second I can't remember what street I live on, take me out to the desert and blow my brains out." My mom's like My mom goes she goes, "Keep me on life support until the very end and freeze me and then they'll unthaw me when I >> [laughter] >> live me. Well, laying all these fears on you like oh, if you go somewhere and they kidnap. That's your way of holding on to you. She doesn't want to lose you. So, she's puts the fears into you. It's it's heavy stuff. But yeah, you let go of it and I let go of that [ __ ] and I found a way to like live life and and I think it's very important for people to go through something like that to like really like really feel down on it and and it also in my career, too. Like I've had times where I'm the top of the world and then I've had times where where it's not working out for me. And what I always try to do is I always tell people this. I always want to give myself a new thing to go because sometimes the music's not coming. So, you know what I do? I go and I act in TV show. I go and I write a cookbook. I go and I do and I always just want to challenge myself to stay inspired because sometimes you're not inspired. So, you got to find a new way to get inspired. That's really good lesson because let's face it, the music's not always going to be there. You can't you've written 30 number one hits, but at the same point you can't go in every time working with somebody and create a hit. It's just not possible. Sometimes you're going to you're going to bomb, right? It's just going to happen. I bomb I [ __ ] bomb every day and you know what? When I have failure every day, but I wake up with [ __ ] amnesia the next day and I go in and I try to do it again. Right, that's really cool. So, get back to this cookbook because I don't want you to leave here without us uh Okay, okay. So, here's the So, here's the thing. Benny's cookbook is like based on because of your life and all the people that you know, you ended up in this entertaining kind of thing in your home. Someone was saying this morning is the cookbook's attractive because it's not super complicated recipes. That's number one. And number two, you kind of talk about planning a party and you've got something in this book that I think is so great. I got to find it. You you describe in the book if you're having a party at your house and you want people to leave. Oh, kick them out. >> Well, you would give three Go ahead. Tell people how to make that happen. I'll tell you one thing. Having a party is great and you'll respect this more than anything cuz you got to [ __ ] get to bed, okay? So, you're having it. This is your most important section, Howard, okay? You got to figure out how to kick people the [ __ ] out and and you want them to still love you and still want to come back. So, what I do is First of all, here's like my like This is like an obvious go-to. You sit down. You're at the couch, you know, and I'm already there because I always after the meal I have to unbutton my pants and like sit down somewhere and like recuperate. So, you sit down and I just tilt my head back and I close my eyes and I hope when I open them everyone is [laughter] gone, okay? So, you're giving out a subtle signal to people that you're falling asleep and it's time for them to go. >> asleep, I'm dead, or I'm so high that I will never come back. Okay, that's one idea. What's the second idea? This never fails, okay? I look around the room and I say, "Hey, does anyone want to help clean up?" And the second you say it's like it's like a bomb went off and everyone has to I leave my own house. I say, "Hey, you want to help me clean up?" and I run out of my own house. >> That's a good idea. I like that. I don't even know what my third one is, but it's probably a good one. >> third one is and it's it's a real good idea. What you wrote in the book is you said just announce to everybody, "I have to be up early." and then they get the hint and then you go and then they leave. I buy into that. I No, but everyone doesn't get that hint. There's always stragglers. You ever have a dinner party and you're you're like you almost don't want to invite the person because you know they're a straggler? Well, everyone knows me now and I have certain friends who come over regularly and they love the idea of eating a dinner at 5:30 and then leaving by 8:00. They're absolutely thrilled to do that. So, your dinner's at 5:30 or 5:00? No, if we have a dinner party, we invite people at like 6:00 for a d'oeuvres and then 7:00 is dinner, you know. Oh, 7:00. That's that's that's good. Now, but if you're on your own, are you 5:30? I eat dinner at 5:00. Yeah, but what time what do you go to Oh, yeah, you go to bed at 8:00. You ever get You ever get Do you ever get hungry in the middle of the night or Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I do. And then I have a big debate. You talk about anxiety, I go, "Oh, [ __ ] If I go eat something now, I'm going to get fat. So, I got to just lay in this bed hungry." What do you mean? You're You're 6'5". You You You can't get fat. I got a belly. No, I got a belly. you're too tall. No one No one cares. You're too tall. By the way, I kind of dig the way you dress. Like you wear like kind of like pajama-looking things. I noticed that even in some of your documentaries and things. You're wearing like like a pajama look. I was at this dinner party the night. One of the guys showed up and he was wearing kind of like clothes you wear like like a pajama outfit. And I'm like Well, what are you wearing? I I mean, I'm wearing jeans and you know Why are you wearing jeans? No one can even see You could be naked right now. Why Yeah, but I mean, I I I do stand up and I don't want to you know, I don't want to insult anybody. No, I want to know. What is this Is this a scarf or are you wearing I got a scarf. Okay. Well, it's part of my rock star look. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I got kind of a John Varvatos sweater going and Yeah, you look great. I'm pretty cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you are pretty Okay, so we're So, we're So, we're doing a dinner party at your house, okay? Here's what Here's what I would do. Yeah. Okay. You You got Where Where do you like people to eat? Indoors or outdoors? Well, depends on the season. But first of all, get back to the weed. What type of weed do you recommend at a dinner party? How do you know that? Do you smoke weed now? No, I don't do any of that. I don't even drink coffee. Neither do I. I never This is tea. This is chamomile tea. I don't drink caffeine. You got to understand something. I'm old. You know, do you realize I'm old? Like like, you know, dude, This is the tour. >> You know, I'm almost done. I mean, this is it. It's almost over for me. >> So, you don't drink coffee because >> interview, right? Yeah, this might Yeah, this might You might be my last guest. >> [laughter] >> That'd be so That'd be so good if I was >> if I was your last guest. Yeah. Yeah, last guest. Actually, could [laughter] we put a little cyanide in your water later? How do you pick the weed for a party? I think people are interested. Okay. So, here's what I do. Here I don't want to blow everyone out of the water cuz there's people like, you know, my dad's almost 80 years old. So, if my dad smoked My my dad hates the weed. Now, my dad is the type of guy where he like smokes it now and he looks at it instantly like there's something in it. He's like like My dad said you used to smoke weed and you you giggled and then it was over. He's like, "Now, I smoke weed and my arm turns into a microphone." Like it's, you know, [laughter] No, it's crazy. It You know, so what I do is I'll do something chill that's going to Everyone's just going to have a good time. And I'll you know, I'll still say to anyone, I'll say, "Hey, this is strong. We maybe just take a hit and see where it takes you and then we'll Don't try to be a hero. Let's take one hit. We'll see where it cuz we're going to smoke a lot, you know? And I I have a pretty heavy tolerance. So, you know, I can be, you know, I I'm I'm smoking a joint the whole time we're having a dinner party. So, and then what I'll do is, you know, you always want your guests to have the right drinks. You know, I I like to I like to start out with wine or champagne. And you know, I don't drink red wine, but I always have it for everyone. I I'm a big, you know, white wine or or champagne. You want things to be light and easy. You're not like you you you you can have some of those bottles that are like heavy that are like, you know, orange wines that taste like [ __ ] kombucha and butt cheeks, but like you don't want to start out with that. You want people to to come in and feel good. And are you cooking these dinner but is the idea of your cookbook that you are the man? You when people I came to your house and I'm there with the Selena and I'm there with Steve Martin and Have you had Stevo over for their dinner party? >> We've only chilled in New York. Actually, we chilled in LA before, but we were on set. So, so you Okay, so I'm cooking. Yeah, I'm cooking. But also, you know, I have friends who cook. You know, I might have like a I'm friends with a lot of like chefs that are like incredible. So, we might be cooking together. There might be like a potluck. There might be uh you know, and I I what I would do is I would find out what everyone loves. You know, I'd probably start a group thread. Okay? So, if I was having a dinner party if I were you and I'd say, "What's everyone feeling? What type of cuisine do we want today?" >> What is the last dinner party? How many how long ago Yeah, I always check with people about how long ago did you have your last dinner party you if I may ask? I had my last dinner party uh it well, we had like a party, but it was it was my last night in New York bef- after my book tour. Um but but that that we ordered food. We ordered like we ordered like four different Chinese restaurants. Um I'm having one this week I'm having one this weekend. I'm having a dinner party this week. Yeah. Yeah, we have a thing called supper club where it's like a bunch of couples and stuff, but unfortunately, my other half isn't going to be there. She's going to be away. But but we pick a cuisine and we say, "Okay, we're all going to cook this cuisine." And everyone happens to be really good chefs. All all walks of life. All different type of people. And we do this thing where everyone comes in and we all we divvy out the dishes in like a group thread and we figure that out. And and yeah, I'm cooking that one. And then I have one And what are you going to make? What is your What is your plan? What are you going to cook? >> Okay, this one is for our friend my friend Kitau and his his girl Kat. It's her birthday. Kitau? He's not famous. Kitau, is he? >> He's a He's an He actually created the Eric Andre show with Eric. Oh, he did. Okay, all right. he's an amazing director. I met him when we were filming Dave. Who else going to be there? Kitau and who else do we have? Eric is going to be there? Eric Andre? Eric Eric's not in town. My friend My friend Corinne is there. She She created a TV show and her her husband is like a really good director and she was the one who started this. And Dave Lil Dicky will be there and Kristen, his fiance because we we met So, Corinne started this whole dinner party. Uh you know, I have so many different >> having like I thought you were having like, you know, Taylor Swift and you know, I thought these type of people were coming to the dinner party. >> There are I have all different So, there's So, basically there's there's a lot of different groups. So, this is one of my dinner party groups and then I have another one a few days later that there's this lady she's incredible. Her Her name's She's a doctor. Her name's Dr. Dane, okay? Okay. She's one of the best cooks I've ever She's She's uh Vietnamese and I met her through my friend Ali Wong and Ali Ali's an incredible comedian. She's also has a TV show called Beef. She's amazing. I don't know if you know about her, but in incredible. Um and she is in charge of this dinner party. So, this is another group and Dane comes in. Dane is This lady comes in. She's She lives in Houston, Texas and she flies in and she brings suitcases with her filled with meats and soups and I don't even know how she gets it through customs and she unzips everything and she makes these huge elaborate dinner parties that are that are out of control and and and >> like people. You really enjoy people. Uh well, I enjoy the right people that we curate. I don't enjoy all people. And she's, you know, this lady is is somehow she's the bridge between it's so crazy. I'll be on a I was just on a group chat and me and Ali were talking about this on the side. She This woman is on made a group chat with me, Ali Wong and Andre 3000, okay? And somehow >> up to, Andre 3000? Oh, he's the coolest guy. I just went to his show. He did a all flute album. Really? >> it's in Yeah, it's incredible. He picked up flute like a few years ago. I don't know exactly when and he made this album because it made him feel so good and he would play in the street. He is one of the most talented men that has ever walked on And and but he's the coolest guy and we're on a group thread and he's he he's sending pictures of He was like, "I just made this catfish. Next time I'm in town, I'm going to I'm going to come to the dinner party and and make it." And you know, everyone food is the best bridge. It's the best lubricant in any room for conversation because it just brings people together. And you know, at a dinner party, that's what I want to do. I want people to come in and I'm telling you like you're making a dinner party, okay? Your goal of the dinner party is to have everyone come in and have a great time and wonder when they're going to be invited to the next one. So, when you're having a dinner party, Howard, I need to know this. So, if you're having a dinner party, are you asking everyone what type of food they want or you don't give a [ __ ] You're making >> No, I always say, "Do you have any eating restrictions? Do you Is there anything you know?" >> thing they get, just restrictions and then you pick the whole menu? Well, yeah, pretty much, yeah. I mean I don't I mean I'm not on any threads with anybody about this stuff. I don't you know no one's flying in with a catfish. I mean uh >> You never do a group frat? I hate frat. >> I don't like texting. I [ __ ] hate it. I hate like kind of like >> you get in contact with them? Smoke signal? >> my wife does it. I can't stand to text. You know why I don't like texting? Everybody tries to outdo each other with their witty kind of comments and stuff. It's Oh, I'm a very short No, no, no. No, I'm a very to-the-point texter. Someone says, "Hey, we'll be there at 8:00." I'm hearting it. I'm not I'm not I'm not writing or I'm writing, "See you soon." Like there's No, I'm not trying to be like to be like and tell a joke Like I'm not telling jokes on text. >> This is all very exciting and uh I think it's kind of a cool thing that you wrote a cookbook. Uh Betty Blanco's cookbook is called Open Wide. You're a fascinating guy. You really are. I'm uh No, no. Really nice meeting you. I mean >> I've been smiling the whole time you've been talking. I'm getting a lot of information. >> from you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's all really awesome. Ali Wong Well, hey, listen. You got a lot going on, man. I mean you I'm I'm absorbing a lot here. You know we just talked for 2 hours and I barely scratched the surface, but there it is. We'll have We'll have dinner. Well, I'll I'll I'll have you come over to a dinner party and I'll start it I'll start it I'll start it at 5:45. >> [laughter] >> No, I'm starting at 5:45. Listen, if you have a dinner party I'll show up, but you have it whatever time you want, but if it's 7:00, don't invite me. It's too late. >> 5:45 I'm telling 5:00 5:45 I'll say come. Everyone gets there at 6:30. Would you mind if we started at 3:00? I don't see why we can't. [laughter] You can have all the weed you want. You're You're like my mom. My mom goes, "When's I swear to God." I go, "Mom, I booked us a dinner." It was we were It was we were with Selena. I go, "I booked us a dinner." And she said, "Well, what time is it?" I said, "7:00." She goes, "7:00?" And she >> [laughter] >> Yeah, what are you high? Yeah, that's what she said. She said, "7:00." I said, "When do you want the dinner?" She said, "5:00." Now, do me a favor. Next time I see you, I also want to jam and create a number one song. If you could create a number one song for me, I would very much appreciate that. This is my dream. I told Gary this You couldn't do it. No one's been able to. It's impossible. >> I know. I think I think I could. Would you do it? Would you try? Listen. Don't I'm going to save you the problem. You got a busy life. You got a great girlfriend. You got a great job. You have no idea. Rob Zombie tried with me. He he threw me out of the studio practically. >> Would you do it? >> I would work with you. Would you try? You seem like a cool hang. Yeah, sure. >> I've got a I actually I actually do have a little something in my Oh, really? Yeah, I got a little something I'm working on. I'm working on a song currently. I'll show How long you've been working on it? >> [laughter] >> Is home life >> what? Huh? No, no. I I was [ __ ] around on the guitar and I think I think I got something here. Tell me if I Okay, tell me if I have something, okay? Is this actually real not [ __ ] Not [ __ ] It's just me on an electric and it's it's when I first started playing guitar. It's very old, but I'm thinking there's something there's a germ of an idea. Okay. These are the chords that I'm thinking about. >> [music] [music] >> You feeling it? Yeah, you could Well, we could instantly go in Sounds like it sounds like it the beginning of a Bruce Springsteen song. >> Wait a minute. Here's the Here's the >> [music] >> Here's the I don't even know what that's called. It's a different thing. >> Yes, it's something. >> [laughter] >> There's some other thing going I don't even know what that's called. No, no, I I I I I yeah. Are you feeling that at all? Dude, well, there's it's just it's four chords. It's four chords. We got to get in and do some more to it. My dream it is is to be the one who cracks it for you. >> goes like this. Da da da da and then it goes Da da da da You got it? >> [laughter] >> No, you know what? I actually the other guy who tried to work with me was Mark Ronson. You know Mark Ronson? And I was we worked for about And and Pharrell. Pharrell and both guys jumped out of a 36 floor window when I was working with them. >> Who was the closest? Who was the closest? >> [laughter] >> To getting you to do something. >> No one's ever really been able to get it. >> gotten close? No one's gotten close. No one can work with it. Why do they Why do they hate you? What are you so annoying once you're in? It's just I I have I I have I I'm closed off. I used to Someone needs to open me up. That's all it is. Maybe you're the guy. >> Just let me um Howard, let me unlock you. We just have to get in the shower together. That's [laughter] all you got. Yeah, yeah, well, that ain't happening. I don't need you laughing for 25 minutes at my minuscule [ __ ] [laughter] I mean, I've had it. Mr. Show off over there with his big penis. He's like, "Hey guys, let's get in the shower. I want to show you my assets." >> [laughter] >> I mean, my god. Well, listen, good luck with not only the music, good luck with your relationship. I see love here. I I'm predicting marriage. I don't know. You and me both. You and me both. You got a ring? I don't have anything. What do you mean? I'm a I I I got no shoes on. >> [laughter] >> I got to get my act together. If you propose, why don't you propose on my show? That would be really big news with with with with Selena's 452 million Instagram followers. >> [laughter] >> Yeah, you're like You're like, "Help me Help me get some better ratings over here." Anyway, you are delightful. Who is the greatest dinner party guest you ever had? Who is the number one dinner party Who is fun, famous, and fabulous? Give me that name before you leave. The number one dinner party guest. The person you would like to want to have them all the time at these parties. They're [ __ ] fun. They're great. Who is it? Ah, [ __ ] I'm trying to think. You put me on the spot. Number one The number one that I did want to have I I that I did want to have I had three that I wanted and you were on that list. I made a list of in my life and you were >> Me and who else? You, Larry David, and Obama are the people that I wanted. Those are like >> a good list. But don't invite me. I'll I can ruin any party. I'm telling you, baby. >> No, I need I need you there. I want to do it because and I want it to be the day of our recording session. We start the recording session at 8:00 a.m. >> a question. Here's a question for a guy like you. You're having a dinner party. I know you have a piano in your house. You have guitars in your house. >> Yeah. Do you try to get something going musically or do you say that's gauche? I don't want to put my guest on the spot. [ __ ] that. None None of that. >> Never put It's like what what What am I going to do? It's like if you're over and I say, "Hey, do me a favor. Just Just interview my friend real quick." No. But let's say Springsteen comes to your house and you go and he and you got about five people there another music Maybe Ed Sheeran's there and all of a sudden you have The Sheeran always every everything's always there. If it needs If it happens, I've If something needs to be turned on and started, it's ready. But you don't push for it. No. No. No. But sometimes, you know, it's really fun when like I will tell you I remember like Charlie Puth was at my house one time and he like did this thing where he was like, "Oh, let's all have a sing-along." And before I know it, we had like, you know, everyone's singing and yes, some people are have shitty voices like me and then some people are [ __ ] the biggest artists in the world and it was so fun that we all because music brings everyone together. You know what I'm saying? That's the guy you That's the greatest party guest. It's Charlie Puth cuz you got a guy there who's basically playing piano and entertaining everyone. That's the guy. >> just he he just did it. And he and I remember I had like so many musicians at my house one day. I just remember it was like the SZA, Ed Sheeran, John Mayer. Everyone was like at my house. And not a lick of music was played. And I and but that's also but that's also amazing, too, because But then that drives you crazy. That would have been so fun. >> No, it's a place where people can >> say to these guys, "You [ __ ] get on these [ __ ] instruments, for Christ's sakes. I'm having a party. You know No, no, no. The best The best part is is it's where someone could feel completely like themselves and feel like they don't have to do that. You know, because they're always expected to do that all the time. So, if they have a place where they can just chill and like go in my swimming pool and like eat food. And if it happens Sometimes it happens. Sometimes things like that happen. You know, sometimes they don't. I had Billy Joel at my house one time. And I You know, I don't own a piano or anything. So, I brought in a piano player thinking let him play a little bit. And then when he leaves, the piano will just be sitting there. Nothing happened. >> What Yeah, like what do you think's going to happen? You're just planting You're just planting things there. >> hey Billy, there's a piano. Yeah, like How weird would you feel if someone was just like, "Hey, man, there's a mic over there. We got two mics over there." And you >> be weird. >> me and your Why don't you just interview him just for us? But if I could play piano. But I do that. When we're sitting at the table, I end up interviewing everybody. That's my thing. >> Yeah. Yeah, of course. Of course. Listen. Yeah. I'm coming over your place. You help me get a number one hit. I'm sick of this. I'm too old not to have had a number one hit. >> You're a liar. You're not going to do it. You're scared. >> I'm not leaving my house. >> I You ever in LA? No. I rarely get out there because it's hard. It's just And I don't like to fly either. I'm like you. You don't like flying? No. >> not talk about this? How do we not talk You know I took >> You know I took a boat to Europe Thank you for saying that. I know you did. >> Wait, you don't you don't Do you Do you fly? Do you fly? >> Yes. I will get on a plane and fly. But I you know I hate it. >> a tour bus. I just took a tour bus. I just took a tour bus. Literally a week ago from New York to LA. Well, listen. I mean >> I can't believe this. We got so much in common. You're like a stretched out version of me. Yeah, I'm like I'm like if they took me and stretched my body to 6'5. Yeah, and you got similar hair to me. I'm telling you we're very similar that way. Oh my god. We're doing We're doing this. I'm serious. Don't Don't be a Hollywood [ __ ] to me. >> Yeah, but what if I'm not being a Hollywood [ __ ] I'm telling you I'll go over there. I want to see Selena. I mean I hope that Beth and Selena get together and and have a have a good conversation. That could ruin our whole friendship, you know, if they don't get along. But I think they Yeah, of course. Of course. I think they will. >> And you know what? You make I'm going to make you a promise right now. If you make me a hit song I'm going to buy you a pair of shoes so you don't have to go around without shoes anymore. >> [laughter] >> No, if I make you a hit song, you have to get naked in a room with me. >> Hell no. No No song is worth that. Naked? >> song, you won't take your pants off for a number one song? >> What are you going to do to me? You're not going to Are you going to rub my penis? Is that what you're claiming? And put your penis in my ass? No. I just want you to be free I just want you to have that freedom one time. >> then No. No. Seriously, that's not freedom for me. That's torture. I don't want you to look at me >> [laughter] >> naked. And I've got a belly and I got tits. You're not going to You'll be all confused. Listen [laughter] to me. You're a lot of fun. Benny, listen to me. What a delight. Yeah. What a delight. All good things must come to an end. I find you delightful, honestly. And I like you a lot. And there's more to learn. And Benny Blanco is a cookbook open wide is available wherever books are sold. It basically says to you have a party like Benny does. You don't have to be Benny to party like him and he has a lot of good ideas in this book. He tells you what to do and and how to do it and that's it. Right Benny? Any final words? That's it. I just put my shoes on. Okay. All right. Thanks Benny. Great meeting you and thanks for being such a fun guest. I learned a lot. Dream come true for me. Pinch yourself moment. Benny, thanks a lot for any of the for everything and and good luck with the cookbook especially. All right. Thank you guys so much. >> [snorts]
