<!-- youtube-transcripts/benny-blanco-therapuss-jake-shane-2025.md -->
# Session 82: Benny Blanco | Therapuss with Jake Shane

Channel: Jake Shane
Uploaded: 20250710
Duration: 1:26:15
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vuYRFQpTfdk

---

[Music] Hi [ __ ] Welcome back to Therapus. Tonight we have on someone who quite frankly doesn't need much of an introduction. Benny Blanco. Um he is he has made some of your favorite songs you've ever heard, including mine. He honestly is a real generational talent when it comes to producing music. and I'm really lucky that I got to talk to him. Um, he's also hysterical and was a great great time to hang out with. And I'm really excited for you guys to hear the episode and get to know him more. If you don't know him already, which I'm honestly sure you do. This is my last week of tour right now. If I'm coming to a city near you, go to pass thatpuss.com, click live with Jake Shane, and to submit a tell me what's wrong, go to passpuss.com, and click tell me what's wrong. Leave a name and number if you're feeling fancy. Enjoy the episode. I love you [ __ ] [Music] Are you excited? I'm excited. I'm excited because I know like so I know like so many little things that that I have no idea about. So, it's going to be very fun. What do you know about so far? We're going to Well, you'll see. Okay. Are you ready? Are you nervous? Honest to God, I feel like you're reading my mind cuz I was really nervous. Are we on? Is this real? We're live on Okay. We're live, I guess. I'm kind of nervous. Yeah. Is that why you're going? Yeah, I think so. I'm I'm always I'm like I'm squeezing. Oh, maybe I'll squeeze my Passandra. Okay. Who's Passandra? Her. Hi. Hi. Okay, we're on. Okay, we're on. You said you had questions for me, so I'm not mad about that. Who are you? Well, my name is Jake. Okay, I just know here's what I know. I know that you're hilarious. I know that like I fell in love with just seeing you. Just seeing your mouth move and you walk and you talk is like the cutest thing in the world. Like you're like you might be the cutest person in the world. Really? Yeah. Yeah. You're very cute. You're very cute. You're even cuter in person. No, really. Somebody told me I was a catfish the other day. No, no, no. That person's a piece of [ __ ] Oh, thank you. That person's a piece of Do we like I like how it's like a thick mic. It's like Yeah. Yeah. It's like Okay. So, I know that and I know that there's something about like I was like I was asking my friend I was like, "Hey, how did this guy get big?" And they were like, "Oh, this thing about like [ __ ] like he like in something about an octopus." Octopus. Okay. So, I don't know. I used to review Well, I still do, but I would review grilled octopus. What? Yes. You would just review grilled octopus? Yes. And I would eat it. So, like Okay. Like if you were sitting across from me at dinner, like I would go, "Hi, pussies." And you would go, "Hi, Jake." And then we'd go, "Tense up." And I would eat the octopus. And then I'd review it out of eight because they have eight tentacles. Do you love octopus? Yeah, I do. But I mean, I definitely eat it a lot less than I used to. How did you decide that you wanted to review octopus? Like I was really bored and high one day and it just kind of came to me and What year was this? 2022 2021. You were co. You got famous in co. It was Well, no. It was 2020. It like all like it all took off. 2022 2023. Okay. But you were still You're a co baby. I am a co baby. Okay. So, so you did that and then where did that evolve to? I just need like the twominute version before I before we get wet. I need to know what's going on. So, I started like I started posting on Tik Tok and I sometimes would post like 17 times a day. Okay. And kind of creepy. No, it was weird. Yeah. Well, you were eating puss 17 times a day. Well, no. Like I would have my friend Brett drive me to get octopus all throughout the city of Los Angeles. Okay. Who has the best first of all? Um, Angelini. Oh, I love their octopus. It's insane. Over the arugula. Yes. With the lemon. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Like don't play with Angelini. Of course. Yeah, it's amazing. Do you cook octopus ever? I love cooking octopus. Do you really? Yeah, I want to cook it for you. And you rate it. Will you really? Of course. How long have you cooked for? Oh, wow. Will you be my best friend? Yes, Benny. Stop. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, go back. Okay. So, you're posing 17 times a day like a psycho. Yes. And then I started doing these like skits like they were like improvy skits and like that really just took me off. People liked it. people loved them for like and it was like for like two months they loved Well, I think I had to like dial down on them a little bit so I wouldn't like overplay the bit. Okay. But like that's what brought me essentially here. Okay. And then when did you start a podcast? A year ago. Okay. A year. A little over a year ago. And And what were you doing? Were you always interviewing people like me? Like were you do I don't even know what what I am. Were you always like interviewing people like Yeah. Uh like well it started with my best friends and then um I had Tate McCrae on and then I had Renee Rap on and that kind of like opened up the floodgates for other people to come on. Okay. So you were just like doing with your friends at first. Okay, cool. And then it just became Therapus. Okay. And where are you from? New York. Wait, it's called Therapus. Benny, I don't know anything. I know nothing. I live under a full Understood. But what did you think you were coming to today? I just saw you were great and then I think for a while a few people were trying to put us together. Um and they like wanted us to do stuff and blah blah blah and then and then some and then we got thrown on a text together and then I um I was super gagged and excited. I'm excited. I'm still excited. Me too. Um and then yeah, it just happened and I was like I just go with my gut. I always go with my gut and I was like, "This guy seems like so funny and cute and I want to see what he's about." So, Therapus is amazing and that says Puss University. Yes. So, Puss University started way before everything took off on TikTok and I had merch that said Puss University. Who are you selling the merch to though? You weren't even on TikTok. I'm telling you, like I sold it to people around my college. Okay. What college do you go to? USC. Okay. Where are you from? New York. Oh, you're from New York. I thought you were from LA or something. No. Where are you from? Virginia. But both my parents are from New York. Where New York? Uh, Brooklyn, Queens. Where? My mom's from Brooklyn. Where are you from? Washington Heights. Okay. You're from Washington Heights. And then And then How did you get to LA? Well, I was born in LA and then this is so boring. Are we like Has anyone ever asked you this stuff on air? I don't H have they Nolan? Not this indepth. Okay. Okay. We'll get over it real quick. No, I'm like happy to I love talking about myself. Yeah. Duh. Yeah. You know, but I was going to tell you that when I came back to LA for USC, the first song that came on the radio was East Side, and that became my freshman year song. Really? Yes. Because it reminded me of the East Coast. How old are you? Yes. 27. Cool. So, um I'm 25. Oh, how old are you? 37. Really? Yeah. I'm old as mold. Okay. Do you want me to tell you? You want me to show you how old I am? Yeah. Okay. In 200 eight, how old were you? Eight. Okay. I had like number one songs on the radio when you were eight years old. Like what songs? Like Okay. You want me to give you you want me to give you your your summer of 2008, your summer of 2009, your summer of 2010? Go. Okay. Katy Perry, I Kissed a Girl. Katy Perry, Hot and Cold. Mhm. Um, Katy Perry, California Girls, Katy Perry, Teenage Dream. Um, Kesha Tik Tok, Kesha, Your Love is My Drug, Kasha, We Are Who We Are, Kesha Blow. Um, um, wait, I'm thinking of th those years. Uh, Britney Spears, Circus. You did Circus. I love Circus. Okay. Wait, we're just going through your We're just going through those few years. We have we have um what else do we have in that era? Oh, we have like all the Maroon 5 stuff. Then we have Oh, then we have like uh Rihanna, Diamonds, all that stuff. That was a little late. That was 2009. Did you do moves like Jagger? I did. Okay. So, I have really bad OCD. And one time I heard that song and I had really bad luck for the rest of the day. I haven't listened to it since. Yeah, I did that to you. You know, I have Do you know I have insane OCD? What's your OCD? Oh my god, it's insane. Mine's really bad, too. Okay, tell me some of your stuff and I'll tell you some of mine. Mine are insane. I also have ticks, too. Do you I a little Yeah. I used to um Oh my god. Mine. I used to cluck. Okay. What's cluck? Like I would count to two and when I would count to two like I would have to like cluck my mouth. Show me. I can't. I'll You'll start doing it again. Okay. Don't do it. Don't do it. Should I? You can. Let me see. Okay. So, like this is like exposure therapy. So, I would go like Oh, that one's not bad. I thought you were going to be like No. Like I would do it again and again and again and then I would look in the mirror 10 times before going to bed. I would have to smile. That's just cuz you're vain though. That's not being No, I know. But I would have to go like and I would have to smile. I would have to end it on a smile. Of course. Um I used to not be able to add songs to a playlist. I would have to add, remove, add, remove, add, remove, add remove it on. Oh. Oh. After four you could do it. Okay. Yeah. Okay. What else? I used to pray every time I cursed. I'm Jewish, so that was really random. Okay. I used to pray. What type of prayer? I would go um like every time I curse. What would you say? Like I would mumble like I would speak in tongues. And then like I I just know Hebrew or anything. It was Christian. Like I would literally go Christian. That's fire. I love that. So So you want to know some of mine? Yeah. Okay. Okay. So, and I still have some of them. So, okay. First, we'll go to like my old ones that were insane. Okay. Like when I was a kid, I used to have this thing kind of like yours where I had to go like this. I had to go. Wait, I used to do that. Yeah, I had to do it in class and if I didn't do it, my parents were going to die. Like, and I was like, okay. And I would be like, and I would go like this. I'd be like I'd be like, "Fuck." Okay, try to last 10 seconds. And I'd be like, "No, I can't." And I like And then like And then I would I would have this thing where for some reason I would have to go and we used it for Dave actually. Um, for some reason I had this thing where I would always have to go like like all the time. I have no idea why. I don't do that one anymore, but I still do a thing and you'll notice I do like two or three things that I still can't get rid of. Like there's like four where I go like like a million times a day. Like I'm just going like this. Like I'm like Uhhuh. doing it. Like if you notice in this interview, I do it a million times. Then I have one where I go where I go I'm like I'm like I can't even do it. You'll hear it, but I'm like I'm like I can't It's like a little like fake cough and I have no idea. It's involuntary. I do it like 400 times a day. Maybe more. Do people get annoyed? People used to They don't not People don't notice them until I tell them. Most of these like Oh, okay. Well, everyone noticed my clucking. Yeah. Oh, really? Everyone was like, "Stop [ __ ] clucking." Maybe people do. And now I'm just like I would tell you I have like a better job now. So like people don't care. And then I I used to have one where um Oh, I still have this one. I can't even do it. It's so hard for me to do, but like I do this thing when I walk where I'm like and like my arm like h I have to like stretch it out. I don't even I don't even know how to do it. I don't know how to do it. It's insane. Is it still superstitious? Like, do you still have to do it cuz like bad things will happen? Not those. Those are involuntary. Wow. They're like fully involuntary. And if I notice them, I can like stop it for a second, but they're kind of like involuntary. And like the nose stuff like this, like you'll see me do it like a million times. Literally, when we're shooting uh shows or like videos and stuff, that's the hardest thing for me above the acting and everything is holding it back long enough for the takes and then you have to go do it. Yeah. And then I do it immediately. Sometimes I do it in takes and they have to like see and they have to um they have to take it out like they have to like do another take. They're like like Dave's like Ben he's like BBenny you're like you you you got to stop touching your face. No, but that's what makes you you. Yeah. And I can do it like for a little like when I go up and I like do like an inner like if I do like I can't stop if I'm in like a podcast cuz it would be like insane. Like I just have to do it. Like I'm going to do it right now. Like it's like you'll see I'm gonna do it so much and and I get it. I get it. I used to touch things evenly. Like I used Oh my god. My I have to like like I'm better now. Like I had to be like living with like girlfriends as I got older. Like the old me would have stood up while we're talking just not say it and turn your Celsius towards me. Like that's what I would have done. Like Yeah. And now it's like off and it's not centered like in the thing. And that's what I would have done, but now I don't have that anymore. Right. Are you on meds? No. I just like you just got rid of it. I got rid of like all the things that are really annoying to another person. Like I got rid of like all of those things cuz I was like I can't live like this. Like and I still do little things like in my if you go into my like shower like everything is facing forward and stuff. Totally. I think that's insane regardless of OCD. I think that's insane when you go to like a person's thing and like the cap is like off. things are like this in the show. Like that's crazy, right? I agree. That's [ __ ] That's not even OCD. You're like a serial killer. No, I agree that there's like that. Yeah. You're [ __ ] insane. That's What's your name again? Manny. Manny? Anyone? Are you dating anyone now? No. Manny's not dating anyone. And I think that's the reason why. I'm almost positive that might be the reason. Are you dating someone? No. Do you keep them straight? Very very straight. Okay. I don't know. Maybe you're just Maybe you're just defective. No. Um, do you keep your ears straight? Are you dating anyone? Like I'm seeing multiple people. Oh, you're like cool. No, I'm just like having my summer. Okay. Okay. You're seeing multiple people and then when do you decide when do you like hone in on someone? Well, there's one that actually likes me and then there's one that literally wants nothing to do. Most of them hate you and you like the ones kind of that hate you more. Yeah, of course. Duh. I can't control it. No, it's cuz you're so young. Okay. It is. It like you start to figure out your [ __ ] Like later later in life you really figure out your [ __ ] Like it took me so long to really figure out my [ __ ] How like when did you feel like you figured out your [ __ ] When I was like 34. What? Yeah. like 34 is when I really Was there like an event that caused you to like I literally was sitting in my house and I was like I can't be like one of these celebrities that's like 40 or 50 and like at the club like that's crazy. I was literally thinking that. I was like I can't be one of the And we all know like in your head they just popped into your head like you know three of them off the top. One three and bleep it. Yeah. One two three. Okay. Okay, I can do it three more, but I but I'm not even one more. I don't know if we're going to do it, so I don't want to [ __ ] it up. Do you think we will? I think we will. Is it a musician? No. Oh, who was your I think I know who your second one is. One, two, three. That's crazy. That's crazy. That's insane. I want to go for a third. I want to go for three. I'm happy with two. Wow. Oh my. Are we like siblings? We're like Sympatico. That was crazy. I knew we would get it. Once you said musician, I was like and then you said, "Wait, I think I know." And I was like, "And there's two musicians I think you're thinking of, but we're not even going to do it." I'm thinking of Okay, I don't want to do it then. I don't want to do it. Um, please. Um Um, that's insane. So cool. Um, so I was like I was like it was like a mixture of that and it was I always wanted to find like my person. And I always wanted to find my I've always been like a relationship guy and like obviously when I'm single I've had like my summer, you know, even if it's winter. Um and and I I was sitting there and I was like I want like my other half. Like I want to find like an equal and someone who like [ __ ] inspires the [ __ ] out of me, right? And I remember I like talked to my therapist and I was like, "What do I do?" And he was like, "You got to make a list." He's like, "You have to make a list." A list? Yeah. The first thing he said is he said, "You have to cut off every other person in your life. There is no like dating around. You're cutting everyone off." What? That you know is bad for you. But how do you know if they're bad for you? You know. Okay. You know what's bad for you. You know what's bad for you and you know what's right for you and you're thinking about what's bad for you, but you don't want to cut it off. Yeah. Because you're 26. 25. I'm seeing him tonight. Yeah. You're 25. It doesn't matter. Nothing matters for the next 10 years. Like nothing you do matters at all. You can do anything you want. What do you mean? Are you serious? That's the best news I've ever heard. Yeah, cuz it's like nothing matters. It Nothing matters until you're like, nobody cares about what you're doing in your life till you're like 30. When you're 30, they're like, hey, what are you doing? Like what? But when you're like 28 and you're like, yeah. You're like, I just want like a banner and I was like, and everyone's like, oh yeah, you're 28. Cool. And then you're 29 and they're like, hey, you should like start thinking about it. And then you're 30 and they're like, whoa. Like honestly, 29th 20 30th birthday, your life just changes and everyone's like, "You're disgusting." Like Yeah. Basically, are you serious? I had someone sit here and tell me that the 30s are the best years of your life. No, they are the best years. But like you have to like pull your life together, but you have so much longer. 5 years. I thought you were 27. You're 25. I can't believe you thought I was 27. I don't know. You're just very mature. Thank you. Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay. So then I made a list and I had all these things on my list and they're the most simple dumb things but they're just true. Like I needed someone for me it was like age appropriate. Okay. And I was like 30 and above no one lower. Got it. Like no one lower. Like even if they're like a mature 28-year-old no has to be 30 and above. And that was like my hard thing. And then I wanted someone who was kind. I know it's so crazy because it's so hard to find. Like you're like thinking about the bad one. They're not even kind. The the bad one's not even kind to you. They're like they like give you one crumb of something nice and you're like really? Yeah. Like like Okay. Kind caring. Caring. Like it's like yours is like barely caring. He's like I don't think mine knows my last name. Yeah. Yeah. They're just like they're like never opening up a door for you or like being like No, I wanted someone I wanted someone who like was interested in something like had their own thing. I don't care if they like I I if they like [ __ ] you know, made carpets like I want them to be like this is all I do. I make a carpet every day and I care about it and I make zero. I don't care what it is. I just wanted them to be interested and passionate about something in their life like working towards a goal, right? You know, not just like being like, you know what I mean? Yeah. And and and I wanted someone I wanted someone who woke up like I wake up and I'm happy. Like I wake up happy. [ __ ] I know. Do you wake up sad? I wake up angry. Tell me. Well, today I woke up and I was so excited that you were coming and I had a workout planned and so I woke up really happy today. Okay. But like most of the time I in college I used to wake up going like this every morning. Really? Every single morning. Why? I don't know. I was like I can't believe I have to live another day. No, I know. But you're so cute. I know. Okay. Why? Why were you I was just like No, I was just like I like loved like being dramatic. It was like oh my god, I can't believe I have to like go through the motions of today. Yeah. You're like you're like too big for life. Like No, it was it was it was just like I'm like I know I'm going to be anxious and like I just can't be bothered. And how do you feel now? Are you like not now, but like in life now? Are you like falling into it a little more or a little? I have periods where I'm like, I'm so with it. I'm so in it. And then I have periods where I'm like, what the [ __ ] do I do? Yeah. But everyone has that. Just so you're aware, that never goes away. Okay, cool. Like I wake up I wake up and I'm like happy in the day, but like sometimes I'm just like, what am I doing? Like why am I what you I feel like you have such a clearcut. No, I I have like a sense of self, but like every single person like anybody who is lying if they if they're if they're not saying that like of course it's sometimes you're just like like I'll tell you this, every musician has this same thing where I'll have the biggest song in the world, like the actual biggest song in the world, and I'm like, "Oh, I'm never going to be able to do this again." Like this is never going to happen again. Like it's never it I'll never like get another like song that people care about again. And it's always like when they're like celebrating how good you're doing, right? Or like you win a Grammy and they're like, "Oh, that's never happening again." Yeah. It's just impending June. June. Yeah. Dune. June. Well, it's D. It's Dune. I've actually never seen that movie. Neither have I. Okay. Do you want to watch Together? Is it good? I've heard it is good. The second one's good. Okay. I haven't seen like I'm like I'm such a bad pop culture person. It's crazy because you're very involved in pop culture. I also never look at any interview I do and I never look at any like photos I do or anything like so like after we do this if there I don't even know if there's an approval process but if there is my manager looks at it and then I say hey did I say anything stupid and he might be like yeah maybe this thing. What do you think? And then I'll be like oh okay I never look at it. Only time I'll ever see it is if my mom sends me a clip because my mother is TMZ. So my Yeah. Yeah. My mother's full TMZ. She's like, "Oh my god, I didn't know you you like broke up with Selena and like murdered 16 people." And I'm like, "What?" She's like, "That's what it said today on TV." And I'm like, "What?" Like, yeah. Like she she's she's a Jewish mom. My mother is full-blown. and she says like the like so like whatever is the thing that like could make you feel like the worst at the time and then she's like what honey like and I'm like and I'm like like she actually she's like she literally called me and she's like she's like you know every time I open people there's another thing about you and I don't know if it's true. I don't know if it's false. I don't cuz you don't talk to me. Yeah. I talk to my mom so much and my mom Yeah. I talked to my mom so much and she'll be like, "We never talk." And I'm like I'm like, "Mom, I spoke to you 15 minutes ago." Like, if I went if I like didn't speak to my mother for like a day and a half, there would be like actual like search parties. There would be like like SWAT would be like breaking through the ceiling right now and just like grabbing me and taking me away. And like I I talked to like some of my friends and I'll be like, "Oh, do you talk to your mom a lot?" And they're like, "Yeah, yeah, we we talk." And I'm like, "Oh, how often?" They're like, "Oh, I talked to her like a month ago." mom like a month. A month? That's crazy. It's How often do you talk to your mom? Like once every few days. What about your dad? Every day. Oh, really? Every Well, my dad text me every single day. Text me every single night. Good night. Love you. Oh, really? Yeah. Oh, wow. Or he'll text me. You good? I don't I don't talk you good. Yeah. Like, do you want me to Can you give me my phone? I need to redo some of my text with my dad cuz sometimes I just don't respond. Yeah. My dad's My dad My me I don't we don't text a lot. Really? No. No. No. Maybe once. too. Once every few months or so. Once. Oh, wow. Yeah. So, like these are like some examples of texts with my dad. Mom could send me 300 texts in a row without me answering and then the second I answer there's no like there's no like where have you been? Like she just keeps going. My mom sends like articles and then today's show was great. Love you. You good? You okay? How come you're not answering? Because I was busy. I called him. Are you really busy? I just like really bad at my phone. You're good at your phone. I'm so bad at my phone. Oh, okay. Never mind. Just maybe with me. No, it just happened. What are you talking about? I just looked at the thing. I felt bad because I never answered you. Oh, okay. Well, that was the first text and I thought you thought it was a fake number. I actually haven't saved your number. Let me Let me do it right now. Okay. I saved your number really quick. I'm going to do it right now. Watch. Where? This one's your Uhhuh. Okay. I'm back. Um, have you ever been in a relationship? Never. Really? Never. And I talk about it at least once an episode. Why? Why haven't you been in one? I You know, I was actually speaking about this last night. I have never been on more than three dates with someone. When did you know you were gay? I was actually also thinking about that today when I was 10. But when were you like see cuz like where we grew up like my friends who were gay um like said they would like they were like trying to be straight and they would like watch porn but then they would be like wait the part with like the dude is so tight and they wouldn't watch they wouldn't watch gay porn cuz they were like that's like too crazy but they would like I graduated to gay porn. Oh yeah. Who's your gay awakening? I think it was James from Big Time Rush. I don't know who they are. You know who Big Time Rush is? No, I don't. But I don't think that's crazy. I've never even heard the name Big Time Rush. Really? No. Have you? Yeah. Oh, Nickelodeon. Oh, okay. But I didn't know who the Jonas Brothers were until Sucker. Benny. Are you kidding? Like I'd heard the name. I had never heard a Jonas Brothers song until Sucker. You didn't hear SOS? I never heard that song in my life. You're 3000? Don't know that song. Nothing. I'm older. But you're in music. Yeah, but I'm older than you. Like those that wasn't big. Like I had never seen Selena's show until we started dating and then we were we Wizards or Only Murders? Wizards. Got it. I had never seen Wizards. I knew she was like a kid star, but I had never seen any of it. And we were going to she was like going to be on the reboot of it. And I was like, "Hey, can I see your show before we go to the reboot, so like I know what it is." And she was like, "What?" And she was like, "I guess." And then like we and then we watched the first episode and I was like, "This is so And then she was like, "Wait, let me show you just like one more good scene." And then she showed me one. She was like, "It really is the best show ever." She showed me a few good scenes and I was like, "Okay, I get it." No, it's also the theme song is iconic. Yeah, of course. Well, you wouldn't. No, no, I know the theme song because that inspired Bad Guy by Billy Eyish. Did it really? Yeah. Have you ever worked with Billy Eyish? I have. I worked with her when she was like legit like 14 years old or something. Did the song ever see the light of day? No, no, no. She I we had we have the same lawyer or we or we did have the same lawyer or whatever. Um, and he was like, "There's this kid, Phineas, who's really good, and he and he works with his little sister, and you know, we rep them, and we think like they could be something." And then they had just signed they just signed to Innercope after that. And then I was like, "Oh, I really like this song." And and they hadn't ever played a concert or anything. And they were like, "Oh, come over." And I I invited them over to work at my house like before like anything. And then literally like a week or so later, we went to their first concert ever at I think it was at the Echo or something and there was like a hundred kids there and like half of them were from the label. And then I went to her second I think her second show was at um the Elray and I went to that. I went to like her first like eight shows and um yeah and just saw it all happen from the beginning. And they do they don't they don't need my help at all. They do like everything their own and it's like [ __ ] incredible. And uh they always do everything just the two of them, right? And and it was fun to just work and see how they work. And obviously me and Phineas have made like a million songs for other people and stuff. And Phineas is incredible. Has he been on the pod? Yes. Oh, he's he's so sweet. Yes, he has been on the podcast. He's the best. He's so funny. He's awesome. He's so fun. Has Billy been on? No. I wish. Billy, what are you doing? Probably. Get on the puss. I know the name now. I know. I have so many uh guys for you. Like, wait, do you really? So many. It's insane. Okay, we can we'll sidebar this after. But I'm like not going to like let go of this. No, no, no. I have like so many great guy. Are you like good in a relation? You've never even been in a relationship. I've never been. I don't know. You don't even know. Are you just like the Are you just like a piece of [ __ ] in really I mean like look I really need to work on being less selfish. I was just going to say are you are you selfish? Like you wouldn't believe. Really? Pay has my my best friend my roommate Payeyton has told me the same thing over and over again for two weeks. I literally acted like yesterday was the first time I ever heard it. Really? I didn't know. What are your positive attributes? I would say that I'm clever. I would say that I am passionate. Okay. I think you're incredibly generous. Oh my god. I've never heard that before. I was literally just going to say that. That's two for two. I guess I'm generous. Trish. Generous. Okay. So, you're generous and you're clever. Okay. What are you looking for? A someone just like anyone with a heartbeat kind of and like you know I'd like them to have like a steady job like a heartbeat and a throbbing wiener. Yeah. Okay. A top like someone who will Are you verse? No, I'm 5'3. So Okay, perfect. Yeah. Okay. We can we can work. Is he a top or You have to be verse though now. What? Wait, is he verse? That guy that you showed me? Yeah. [ __ ] Everyone is in It's 20 What year is it? 25. 2025. You know, I never know the year ever. I'm always like one or two wrong. It's always like, is it 24? Is it 26? Have you ever gotten that wrong like publicly? I mean, when No, I just get it wrong like once a year when you have to like write it on like a physical or something. Did you go to college? No. Do you go to high school? Yeah. Like, yeah. Do you graduate high school? Yes. Okay. And then you just moved out to LA? No, I lived in New York for years. Uhhuh. Where? All over. everywhere. Like where? Brooklyn Heights, Bedstey, Williamsburg, Chelsea, West Village, everywhere. What was like the first person you worked with that was like like successful? Like the first like person like that would be successful like in your world in your world? No. Anything? Well, like I know we are old rappers, but like the first like big pop thing that I ever worked on was Britney Spears. What do you know? Sometimes I am in a restaurant and I'm like, "Oh my god, this song's so good." And I Shazam it and then it's my own song. Like, how do you not know? Because I'm old and I've done I can't remember anything. And I've done like hundreds of songs that have come out. That's crazy. Like I've done so I've been making songs for like 16 years. I Yeah, I guess you're right. And I'm And I'm old. Do you remember every single podcast, every word you said on Well, not every word, but like I guess I guess you have a point. Yeah. It's like it's like if you're let's say you're on your like 16th season of your podcast and someone's like, "Did you interview like Chelsea Handler and you're like I think so." Oh, I guess you're right. You know what I'm saying? Like you've How many seasons is this? Two. It's my second season. It's your second season. Wow. And everyone's talking about the pod. Really? Yeah. Are you serious? Yeah. You know, I make music. You do? Mhm. I have an album. Is it good or no? It's It's called Puss and Poems. Okay. Is it terrible? No, it's really good. You know, Alexander 23. Yeah. He produced it. Should we do an song for your album? Benny, don't play with me. Would it be crazy? What do Do you sing on it? Yeah. Is it good? It's fairly awesome. What do you guys think? Good. Should I play it? No. Hold on. Hold on. So, I'm going to read you the track list. I'm going to read you the track list and you can tell me which one you want to hear. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, it's called Puss and Poems, the album. Okay. Denim on Denim, Pharmacist, The Hangover Song, Postmates, JetBlue, Therapist theme song. It's a tie between three. Denim on Denim, Postmates, and Therapist theme song. Okay. So, Therapist theme song is the one I had like my least fingers in cuz like that was Alexander's like Okay, let's not do let's not do that. So, it was what what were the Denim on Denim or or Postmates? Okay. So, I'm going to give you the rundown. Denim on Denim is like a country pop vibe about a bad date I went on. Play it. Okay. Is this your most successful song? Okay. But it's Postmates is a ballad. Postmates is a ballad. Okay. I want to hear Denim on Denim. Postmates is really good. Okay. Do you want to hear Postmates now? Yeah. Play me Postmates. I know. Imagine my shot when I looked at my phone. Then I looked at the clock. You were so far from home. Driver. Oh, driver, why'd you do what you do? My stomach is screaming. This poem is for you. To the one who stole my postmates. Was the bite worth the thrill? To the one who stole my bud taste. Was the rush worth the kill? [Applause] Okay. How much longer? You want to fast forward to it? Okay. Red rover. Come over. It's you that I driver. Oh, driver. Are you riding a bike? I'm a postmate survivor. Going hungry tonight. To the one who stole my Postmates. Was the bite worth the thrill? to the one who stole my taste. Was the rush worth the kill? Did you know the whole time before you cross the goddamn life [Music] that dinner you'd have cried to the one? So that's Postmates. I like that one. It's good, right? I like that we're seeing each other on I know. So, do you hate my album or? Oh, no. I I I actually really think it's very cute. Oh, okay. Well, you know, I do have a Christmas song as well, even though I'm Jewish. You do? It's called Santa. Can you pay for me? I forgot my card. I haven't released it yet, though. I'm finishing up next week in the studio. With who? Alexander. Oh, he does exclusive all your music. Well, I Yeah. I would I be able to get in? Yeah. Like, do you want to get involved? I'd like to get involved. Do you actually want to? I'm I'm saying it. Okay. You around next week? No, but I'm around. You're like just automatically around next week. Okay. So, do you actually want to make a song? Yeah. Okay. What would you want to write about? OCD. Oh, I would love that. Maybe. Okay. You falling in love. Okay. You being selfish. Okay. Are you just going to say okay? No, I ag I agree. Like I I I But it has to be like a niche situation to make it fun. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Of course. We'll figure it out. Well, I mean, you're the master. I trust you. No, you're the master. Oh, okay. I I guess this is crazy. Okay. Wait, so how many So, how many episodes have you done completely? Like totally like without that aren't out completely yet? No, no, no. Oh, are you like way ahead? How many ahead? Uh, nine. That's it? Yeah. Two and a half months. What was like the closest where you were like, did you get someone like last minute or something? That's never Oh, the closest turnaround we've ever had is we did Tate the first Tate McCrae episode. She was my first guest ever. We did it on a Sunday and released it on the Wednesday. It's the closest turnaround we've ever had. And did you never did you never even like how many did you start with? Like did you have like a bunch in the can when you started or No. No. Like we would just do it and nine. Did you do them every week? Well, like the other week I recorded five. No, like how uh like how does one come out every week? Yeah, every Wednesday 7 p.m. Pacific. How many do how long are you going to do it for? Forever? I don't know. I want to turn it into a late night talk show. That's really cool. Do you think that's cool? Yeah, I guess. Yeah. What do you want to do? Like what are the things? What do you want to do? Give me Give me your top things you want to do in life. I want to be an actor. Okay. Are Have you acted in things? Yes. So, I'm in a few scenes in the newest season of Hacks. Okay. Mhm. Was Was that like Were you so stoked? Yeah, it was my favorite show. Okay. So, I was super excited about that. I'm actually finding out about a role today that I'm probably not going to get, but you know, you live and you learn. But, yeah, I want to be an actor. I want to be a late night host. And so, like when you were a kid, were you like, I just want to be famous? Yeah. Well, yes. Really? Like, I knew I would watch a bunch of reality television and I was like, I need that. Like, I need the paparazzi. Like I need that. No. Yes. I was like 10. I was like that's amazing. I want that. It's the worst. I wouldn't know yet. So hopefully I can also be like it's the worst. But like I'm not there yet. I hate that stuff. Like that's like Yeah. No, I know. But you've been at it for so long. Yeah. That's crazy. I know. Cuz when we grew up there wasn't there w that like there was there wasn't social media when I grew up, right? Like when I grew up there was no social media. MySpace. Uh MySpace. That's how I got big. Really? Yeah. But MySpace didn't get big until I was like 13ish, 14. Like YouTube came out when I was a senior in high school. Whoa. Like when when when your friends like no one had cell phones. No one. Like literally when I was a kid, you would you'd be like it'd be like at school, you'd be like, "Yo, meet me at the park and we're going to play basketball at like 7 at like 6:00 p.m., right?" And they'd be like, "Okay, cool." And then you'd go at 6:00 p.m. And then like sometimes your friend wouldn't be there. And then you'd get home and you couldn't call them because it was too late to call a house phone. So it would be like 8:30 or 9:00. You can't call. It would be 9:00 and you can't call after 9:00. So then like you'd have to wait until the next day. And then you'd see your friend the next day and you'd be like, "Dude, why didn't you come and play basketball with me?" They were like, "Oh, my mom wouldn't let me." Like that. And like you would just have to That's it. Yeah. You would just have to like wait. Oh my god. I track my friends. Yeah. There's no tracking. So like I know when they've left their house to come meet me. There's no tracking. You guys, it is so hot this summer. It is so beyond hot. And you know the number one thing I hate is warmth. I hate I hate it more than any like anything in the entire world because my thinking is you can always if you're cold you can always add more layers. If you are hot like what are you gonna do? Rip off your skin. That is why Cozy Earth makes cooling bamboo sheets for you. Okay. And that is what I've been using to sleep in all summer. Whenever I am away from my bed, I miss my Cozy Earth bamboo sheets more than anything. They are the most comfortable, cooling, soft bedding I've ever experienced in my life. Also, like I understand, like I'm very dramatic. If you if you don't if you buy it and you don't like it, it's okay. They have an 100 night sleep trial. You can return it if you do not like it. It is a risk-free purchase. Also, a 10-year warranty on all bedding products. It's July. Like, it's really, really hot out. It is not too late to change your bedding and make it cool and like, you know what I mean? Like, you cannot control the climate. But what you can control is your bedding and how you sleep. And that is why Cozy Earth bamboo sheets and other sleep products are necessary for a cool summer. And you guys, this is the biggest discount code I've ever given. July 11th to 13th, go to cozyearth.com and use code Jake for 45% off your entire purchase. 45% off. That's almost 50% off. Okay, that is a a really big discount. Okay? And I promise you, it is incredible. It is the most incredible bedding I've ever had. Ever. And don't just take my word for it. Take Louise's. So, actually, I have Cozy Earth as well, and my roommate Sammy thought that I got new mattress toppers because of just how comfortable it was. Do you understand like a mattress topper like changes the game? So, for someone to think that like the sheets are a new mattress topper is so insane. Reminder, July 11th through 13th, go to cozyearth.com and use code Jake for 45% off your entire purchase. Thank you Cozy Earth for sponsoring tonight's episode. Like when we used to have to like jerk off when we were kid like like like like how did like like how did you do it when you were a kid? I would watch HBO sex scenes. Yeah, we didn't have that. Google I don't even think Google existed. So how did you jerk? We had like we had like Ask Jeves was like a thing and it's like pre Google. It's crazy. I So did you look up porn on there? Like okay we had 56k dial up. Like do you know what that is? I I've heard of it. So literally it would be like this. If if I was on the computer and my mother picked up the phone it would kick me off the computer cuz they shared the same thing. How does that even work? It It's you would do it through your like and it would be like this. This is how you got on. It would be like and it be like that's like how you would get on the internet and then you would like go to a website and it would be like a description. It would be like woman naked and you'd be like h and then you'd be like I guess I'll do that one and you like it like woman naked forest and you'd like press a button. And it would be like and it would be like this. It would be like this. Okay. It would go to another screen and it would take so long to go to that screen and it would get to that screen. It would be like and it would be like you'd be like and you'd be like trying to figure out what is and like finally it would be like a woman naked and she'd be like like you'd be like jerking off to like one woman just naked and you wouldn't even wait to the feet. You'd be like [ __ ] it. And like and then and then like we I we used to print the pictures out and and then we'd print them out and and and you'd like staple them till you like made like a and our like our our they were they were so grainy by the time they got out. You'd be like like you'd have to like squint to see it and then all of a sudden your your your computer would get like this was back when like viruses existed. Yeah. Do you know I know about viruses because one time I looked up gay porn and my mom and my dad had to pull me in and be like you've given our computer a gay porn virus. They were like and are you gay? And you were like what? No. Yes. And I think I had to I think I don't and they were like we're not mad about what you're looking at but like we have a virus from gay mad at what you're looking at but you're gay and you have a gay porn and he gave us a gay porn virus. Yeah. Is it worse than a regular porn virus? Um, why did they have to say gay porn virus? They were just like, they were like, "We know what you've been looking at." Did you ever get caught using dialup to look at inappropriate? Not really. Like, we would like basically I had like a window of like 45 minutes before like my mother would get home and I would actually full speed run home to jerk off. Like I would I would run full speed like into my house and sometimes friends would come over cuz I was the house where like you could jerk out. So like every we'd like print out pictures and people would like be in a different room just like like jerking. I don't know. You're so horny when you're a kid when I understand. But you were like let's how would you plan that? I feel like jerking off was such a private thing for me. Not for us. And then and then you'd be like you'd and I remember like like back in the day your computer could freeze. Okay. And when it froze it would like like it didn't just like freeze where you're like oh just like escape all quit or whatever control all delete. Like it's not like that. Your computer would actually freeze and it would just like freeze and you'd have to rip the cord out of the wall. Like when my parents were coming home I'd be like oh my god. And I'd like rip it out of the thing. And then like when you when like so you would get these popup viruses and it would be like boop and it would like pop up and be like porn and it' be like boop boop and it'll be like Jake's watching porn and it's gay. Um and then like all of a sudden you'd get like a lot of them and it would be like and then be like oh okay and then like there was my computer you like turn my computer on it would do like the turn on thing and then it would go like this. It would go Okay. You couldn't even use the computer anymore. And when I was when I was a kid, um you couldn't just like fix it yourself. You couldn't just like Google how to fix it. You used to have to call a man and a man would come over with a full briefcase and he'd be like, "I'm here to look at the computer." And they'd have to pay a man like 50 bucks to come over behind your parents back. No, no, no. My parents I'd be like, "Mom, something happened with the computer. I don't know what it is." And it would be like cuz it wouldn't say like porn. It would just be like so many pop you couldn't even read them. They were like, "Yeah." Like it was like a machine gun of like of popups. And then that like they'd come and I'd be like, "Oh, mom, I'm really good with computers. I'll go like talk to the guy." And like I'd go talk to the guy. He'd be like, "Dude, he'd be like, "There's so much porn on this computer." And I'd be like, "I'll do whatever you say, man. Just like please don't tell my parents." And they'd be like, "Okay, we won't tell your parents." They're like, "Fix it." And then like two weeks later, the same thing. Would they get annoyed? My parents. No, the computer guy. No, they're just like porn like like just like or like illegally downloading songs like cuz we would do it on like Napster and Kuzah and stuff. Got it. And Limewire did I was a Lime I used Lime Wire. So we had Limewire to download porn but it would take so long. It would take so long and you'd have to like download porn like like for 24 hours and and and then like you'd finally get at that point. Is it worth it? Yes. When you're a kid, is it worth it? shaking his and you'd get it and sometimes it would be like porn and you'd be like yes and then sometimes it would literally just be like like static and be like like the craziest noise and you'd be like [ __ ] like I waited 24 hours for just like static. So when like this when like social media evolved like were you guys like oh this is awesome for our porn intake? I don't know. I don't I can't even remember. Like I just remember I just remember I got big like I got first discovered because of MySpace. Like that was like social media for me. So like I used to like just like hit up anyone who was like of any relevance and be like I make music. I just did this thing for the and it be like the like worst. I'd be like did this for like someone's cousin's nephew and like I like then the credits started getting better and I like I like started to get a bunch of friends on like like it was like the first thing where you would get like popular that's like how you got popular on like MySpace and I like had like a lot of friend like basically like I had like I think I had like 15,000 friends on MySpace and like for like at that point like that was like hu like there was like the the biggest person in the world. Well, this girl Tila Tequila. Oh, I watched a shot at Double Shot at Love. Okay. So, she at that point like when I had like 15,000, she had like 500,000 and she was like nobody was even close to her. And so, like I had like 15 like I had by far like the most of like anyone near my area. And I don't even know why it I was just like doing funny [ __ ] and I would like write on like people's walls like crazy [ __ ] and like it was just like I I was 13, right? And and then and then I like just like started like getting gradually and gradually like more known. But like yeah, like when Twitter came out, I remember I was like, "What's Twitter?" And I like didn't know any Tik Tok same thing. Yeah. My friend literally I was putting out my second album. And my friend was like, "You got to use this thing called Tik Tok if you want your songs to be big." And I was like, "What's Tik Tok?" And and he was like, "It's the thing like where everyone like dances on it." And I was like, "Well, I don't want to dance on it." And he was like, "No, you don't have to. Just like go on and like just do stuff." He was like, "There's like these things called trends and they're doing some to like some of your like songs that are like older." And I was like, "I don't know, man. I don't want to do this." And he was like, "I'm going to come over to your house and I'm going to film you." Uhhuh. And he like filmed three videos for me. And like I like posted them. And they actually got 400 views. And I was like, "Dude, I'm not doing this ever again. 400 views. That's crazy." And I Oh, I would have. And I went to bed. Uhhuh. And then I woke up and my friend was like, "I told you." And I was like, "What do you mean you told me?" And he was like, "And like one of my first videos got like 10 million views." Wow. Like over This was when Tik Tok was like explosive. Like do you know like uh when it was like and it was like And I was like, "Oh shit." And then like I posted another video and it like did nothing. And then like I posted like one more and then it got like millions of views. And then all of a sudden I had like 500,000 followers in like three days in like three days. And then it was like and then I was like, "Oh." And then my song started getting really big. And then and then I like really got the hang of it. And then I cuz I was like I I was like, "In order to get the hang of this, I need to see it." So my friend came over one day and he showed me the for you page cuz I've never still to this day. I don't never use I've never scrolled Benny. Like my screen time is insane. Really? All I do scroll scroll scroll. So like what are you going to do? Like break me down with what you did earlier today and what you're going to like do after. Really? I love talking about this. So, I woke up at 7:00 a.m. I woke up and my vet my bed vibrates to wake me up. What? Yes. It's an eight sleep. Oh, yeah. I have one of those. Do you really? I took it off immediately. I hated like I hated the It made me freezing all night and make it warm. Yeah. No, I don't like that thing. I have two extra if you want one. King size or queen size? King and cow king. Okay. I might get a new a king bed for my new room. So I actually might buy Do you want one? Yeah. I literally have an extra one at my house. Really? I swear. I I would like that. Okay. Maybe for a small price. Okay, I'll pay. Okay. Okay. No, I got mine for free. You can you can have it. I got mine for free, too. Okay. Okay. You Yeah, you can have it. Okay, cool. So, basically, I woke up and my bed my bed vibrated to wake me up. Then I walked to get coffee. Um, I listened to my music and then I went to go work out at the Aloe Gym where you actually have a studio. Oh, I do have a studio there. You have a studio there? Yeah. And um you can use it whenever you want. Really? Yeah. Oh, okay. Cool. I got an IV in there once. In the studio? Yeah, I'm pretty sure. What? What type of IV? I don't know. I get an IV like once a week. Really? Yeah. Why? I'm addicted. Have you ever put Benadrol in an IV? Yeah. Goes stupid. Do you guys get IVs? Does your mom know you get an IV? My dad knows. What does your dad think? He thinks I'm like, "It's healthy." He's like, "Okay, God." That's it. It's healthy. Yeah. Xanax healthy. No. He's like, "It's good." Okay. Okay. Good. So, I worked out. I I did cryotherapy. Then I came home, shaved my entire chest. Do you have to have a shaved chest to be gay? I think hair is back in. Do you shave your dick? Yeah, I get it lasered off. your dick. Yes. You get your dick lasered? Like No, there's like a little but it's not like a bush. Yeah. So, it's just like manicured. Yeah. But like how little are we talking? Like your eyebrows or less? Is it like this? Is it like mine right now? Yeah, it's bald. That's crazy. I know. That's insane. Bald is insane. I know. I don't know. Okay. Do you want a bald dick? Um, no. Yeah. Are you gay or straight? Straight. Do you want a bald dick? Your dick's not bald. I already know. I can already I know what your dick looks like. I know everything about like I know your dick already. I got the wax. I waxed my [ __ ] Uhhuh. And it And first of all, the position they put you in is insane. Insane. You're like legs are above your head. And I'm sitting there and I'm like talking to the lady while she's doing it and she's like, "Oh my god." She's like, she was like, "I saw Steely Dan last night and they were so good." While she's like, and she's just like, she's talking to me like about like about like '8s rock bands while she's like, but I will tell you, first of all, it does not hurt at all. It feels so good. The warmth. The warmth of the wax. Yeah. Yeah. The You do sugaring or wax? Uh, I think she does a combination, I think, or something. I don't know what she does. She's like very next level. And I will tell you one thing. Okay, first of all, I've never been so clean down there. Like it's like you're it's almost like too like Okay, so guys have hair in their tush because it like catches the sweat and stuff. When you have when you have no like when you have no hair, it's like I'm like it's like a slip and sl it gets like so it get it does for girls too. Yeah, but then but then you have to you just have to take care of yourself down there to make sure it doesn't end up like that. No, no, no. But it's just like it's just like if you like go for No, not wiping like Oh, wiping is amazing. Oh my god, wiping is insane. I use a Toto toilet anyways. I love getting like an explosion of water up my [ __ ] Like there's nothing I love more than just like being like blasted. Like I wish it was like I wish it was like like like I would take a full machine gun of water up my Yeah. Like the harder the better. Okay. It feels so good. It I guess it kind of jars me. I've only done it twice. I love it. I like sit on it and I'm like I'm like I'm like I'm like riding like it's like amazing. It's incredible. One time I was like in the doctor's office and there was like a man and like a woman examining like my penis like in the off like just like doing like physical like checking around and it might have been a dermatologist. I forget what it was. I think it was a regular doctor when they they tell you cough and stuff. And the lady starts talking and she's like, "Oh my god, I love when you did that." And she's like talking and then asked me for a picture while you're No, no, afterwards. And I was just like, "I can never come here again." Like, is that HIPPA? I think that's like illegal, right? Yeah, that's it was like And I was like I I've never been like more violated in my life. I never went back again. And was did they was it like a physical like were they like all up on you that whole exam? Yeah. The girl wasn't. She was just like shadowing the doctor or I think she was like the doctor's assistant. I don't know what it was. I don't know. And she was there and she was like starts talking to me like and she was just talking to me throughout the whole time, not just like when my pants were down. And then like and then she's like they're like the guy's like having me cough and like my penis is just like out. And then like Yeah. Then she's like asked me for a picture and I was like And then I started thinking I'm like are all our doctors just like talking about like all our deepest darkest secrets when they get home? Probably. Like they're just like, "Oh my god." They're like Jake's [ __ ] Like huge. They're like just like gaping. Like Well, one time my friend got a finger like the the the doctor had to like stick a finger up his ass and he peed. A good pee or bad? I don't know. But he said, "Oo." And peed across the entire uh patient room. And the doctor said, "It happens." He's like, "It happens. I'm going to be like talking about it while I'm eating like Angelini like octopus tonight." But it happens. Isn't that crazy? That's insane. Doctor, our therapist saying everything. I don't know. How long have you had your therapist for? Like 18 years. Shut the [ __ ] up. Yeah. How long have you had your 6 months? Like a like a year or less than. Like I don't know. And all I do is talk [ __ ] with her. I like don't do You don't even You don't even do therapy. You're just like, "Bitch, guess what?" Is that basically you? Yes. Well, no. Well, like I'll get into like my intimate int intimacy intimacy problems in the last like 5 minutes. You have intimacy problems? Like I definitely am not like I don't have like solutions for it. But but what are the problems? Like I'm not good at it. But why aren't you good at intimacy? Cuz I'm it makes me nervous really. Yeah. Do you get nervous like to go in for the kiss? Do you get No, I'm I've actually was told twice last week by two different people that I'm a good kisser. I know. That's so cool. Never heard that before and I was like I'll take it. Okay. So, you're a good kisser. I could see it. You look like a good kisser. Really? Yeah. You got a good mouth. Thank you. Um, okay. So, then you What are the intimacy problems? Like I I just get super anxious like before your I think I'm just like uncomfortable with my body. Oh, your body's great. Is that why you're going to the gym like constantly? Did you Did you like used to be like a chubby kid or something? Yeah. I was like very chubby when I was like 10 and then I lost a bunch of weight and then postgrad I gained a little bit of weight and then I was like I got to lose it. You look great now. Thank you so much. Nolan, do you think I've lost weight since we've started this? Absolutely. But are you are you trying to get like six-pack? Yeah, I like ideally I would like like a fourack. Yeah, that would be nice. How close do you think How close? Like four five months away if I took it seriously. Do you have like do you have like a crazy trainer or something? Yeah, but like I I like you just like talk [ __ ] Like like I like I go out like I I go out a lot and then I drunky like Yeah, I try to. I eat healthy today and yesterday. Does he eat healthy? Yeah, I think so. I overeat. So I eat like I've never been fed. Yeah, I have to eat every two hours. Like I'm starving right now and I ate right before I came here. I came I ate the second before I came here and I'm starving. What' you eat? Um, I made like a nice little like I made like some like shrimp and vegetables and rice just like very That's my f I really would like you to cook for me. I would love to cook with you. Yeah, I want to be your friend in real life. I want to be your friend in real life. Really? I'm dead serious. Or do you just like say stuff like that? No, I'm like dead serious. Like I actually am going to hit you up and text you. Are you like an LA follow-through or just like No, I'm a I'm a follow-through. Really? Yeah. What do you usually do on the weekend? Like this weekend I'm in New York. What are you doing? Um, aren't you like on tour? Yeah, I go back on tour in a few weeks if you want to pop out. So, what is So, what's the tour? You do this on stage or No, I like stand up and I talk about myself for like an hour and 45 minutes. You just talk about yourself like however you feel that night. Like, Manny, can you explain Can you give her the mic and can she explain like what she thinks the um Does anyone ever see them on camera so they just hear you guys? Are there people who have like crushes on them without know? No, I don't know. Not yet. Submissions. Oh, really? A lot of people. About who? Oh. Oh. About you? Yeah. Oh, they say they fall in love with my voice. Oh, they put their numbers in there. He's hot. He's like He's definitely a hot guy. Thanks, man. He's definitely Don't ever show yourself. Oh, no. No, no, no, no, no. Don't keep it a mystery. Keep it a mystery. No, he's really hot. He's very hot. Thank you. So, Manny, do you want to explain like what my show's like or what's the vibe? Yes. Let's let's get back to Jake. Um his show it's bas it's like a hybrid standup. It's kind of like a big hangout session where he also has a structure and jokes but audience participation. He talks about himself. He talks about his childhood. Um he like the PowerPoint presentation has a lot of funny visuals, a lot of funny like just a lot of his fans are called [ __ ] and so the [ __ ] are a really big part of it and it's kind of just like a hour and 45 minutes of hanging out and laughing and then he also sings songs from my album Puss and P. Oh my god, I love that. Where where are you playing here? Here we had to move the LA date. Okay. Um but in New York I'm doing Radio City in June. Amazing. Well, Radio City is huge. I know. Is that Is that your biggest one you've ever done? Yeah. Oh my god. Are you going to sell it out? I think it's about to be sold out. Just selling out just like just like easy for you. I don't know. Like I I I didn't think it would sell that much, but it it has. New York's my hometown. So that's so cool. I want to come. Do you actually want to? I want to come to a show for sure. When is your LA show? Like we need to reschedule it. Okay. I'm 100% coming to your LA show. I swear. You have to pop out. I swear I'll pop out. Have you ever seen um what's his name here? Uh he J Shetty was here the other week. He said you guys were close friends. Have you been to one of his shows? No. Oh, he came on your podcast. Yeah. Really? Mhm. Damn. You get everyone on your podcast. Oh, thanks. He talked about how much he adored you. No. Yes. I just we just me and Selena. Yeah. He was telling me he was using your relationship as an example for a relationship like that I should strive for. Oh, wow. Big shoes. I know. I uh we I have a good relationship. I know. It's really good. Yeah. It's not It's like It's so easy. That's Well, love should be easy, huh? It's so It's usually I used to think like, oh, yeah, like it's supposed to be hard. Like, it's supposed to be like a fight. It's supposed to be like a p I kind of want that. Love easy or hard? Fights. Like I kind of like just want to experience toxicity. I have a lot of gay friends. You do? Can you set me up with one of them? Yes. And I have like I have so many like cute parties and things to do. Like I'll make all of them go to your Radio City show. Really? Yeah. So you like look like the man and then you come off stage and you're like like oh my god. And then I'll have an afterparty after. Do you love a party? I used to party when I was in college. I would party Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday every single week, sometimes Sunday. And I was I wouldn't miss a night out. I literally refused to miss a night out. Like if I miss a night out, like hell had frozen over. Do you miss a night out now? All the time. I rarely go out now. Okay. What are you going to do in New York? Go out. So, what are you tell me? Tell me your plans in New York this weekend. I want to know everything. Do you really? Yes. Okay. So, I get there Thursday. Okay. Boring. No, I'm just Well, okay. Okay. You get there Thursday. I'm staying at Okay. So, I'm super excited. I've never stayed there before. Um I'm going to go on a date Thursday night with this guy I've been seeing. What's the sushi restaurant? Okay. Yeah, he's was raving about it. Yeah, it's yummy. I've only had Postmates. I've never been there. But it was it was it was yummy. Okay. Okay. Keep going. Okay. So, I'm going to see him. I think that's what it's called. And he's But we're getting drinks with my two girlfriends and him beforehand cuz my girlfriends wanted to see me. And your girlfriends live in New York. Yeah. Okay. What are their names? Cassidy and Sally. Okay. Cassidy and Sally. And then um Friday, this my this is my BNO. So, Friday I'm going to wake up and um I'm going to work out and then I have an important meeting that I'm really excited for, but it's over Zoom, so it doesn't matter if I took it in New York or LA or whatever. Then s Friday night, I have a reservation at my favorite like going out spot. Okay. And I have a reservation with me and all my girls and we are going to go and black out Saturday. Same girls, Cassidy and Cassidy and Sally. And then and then some. Okay. And a lot of girls probably. And then Saturday comes around and I have to fly to Boston because my best friend's older brother is giving the commencement speech at Nor Eastern. Wow. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Very exciting. So then I'm with a party there. Is Alex here? Alice? Damn. Okay. Then what? Well, so we'll probably maybe not. We'll go out to a nice dinner probably in Boston. I doubt we'll party. And then Sunday I come back um to New York. Um, don't know what I'll do. And then Monday I have the Webbby Awards. Are you hosting or something? No, I won an award. Congrats. Thanks. Okay. And then you'll party after that. Um, or no, just kick it. I'll probably just cuz I have a flight Tuesday morning, very, very early where back to here to come home because I have to be here first thing in the morning to go to Alexander Studio to finish my Christmas song because it's the last time I can do it before I leave for tour. And then how long are you on tour for? I am on tour from middle of May to end of May and then I go to France all of June for what? Wedding, vacation, another wedding, work, vacation, back to tour. And then what? And then it's July. And then what are you going to do? I finish tour a little more. Yeah. And I'm going to spend a lot of time in LA. Maybe I'll go [ __ ] around in New York. What a life. Live my life. What a life. What are your plans for the summer? I have some things I have to work on in LA and then honestly I really want to take like a little break. I've been working so much. I realized like I haven't really like had much time off in a while and I'm about to like just like I just want to like lay in bed like I want to lay in bed and like forget what day it is cuz we've been in bed like just watching that. Not usually. Yeah, but but like with Selena, I can do it like all day. Like she makes me want to just like hang out and cuddle and like like and just watch things and just like eat food and have like piles of food around us and like have the best time ever. Are you guys wedding planning yet? Has that No, not yet. We We like that that's why we both needed We both been working so much. We like got engaged. Then we like were like filming music videos for our album. Then like we then then we uh we like then it's holidays. Then right after holidays we had to like start all the promo for our stuff. Then we do that. Then she left um to film her show Only Murders. And then like I met her. Then we hung out for like a week and then right after that it's like promo. And then I'm I'm writing another book. So then I had to like write like a book and then like she came back for like one day here then I like it's like and it was my birthday and then it was you know so it's like happy blade. Thanks. And then we never and then and then like I'm I'm always we're both working on so many things that we hadn't even had time to like get into it. But like we're so excit I think like this summer we're going to like sit down and be like okay what are we doing? Hun that wedding's going to be lit. Huh? I think so. That's it. But it'll be like chill. Yeah. Yeah, it'll be chill. But lit. Yeah, it'll be amazing. I don't know. I have no What's that? It's the tell me what's wrongs. Well, what were you about to say? Nothing. What's tell me what's wrongs? It's the [ __ ] write in and they tell us what's wrong and we give them advice. Are you serious? Yeah. And we like prescribe them stuff. Okay. I got with a guy who I didn't realize had a girlfriend at the time. Now his friends are blaming me for the situation and even booed me last night because they broke up. We're in the same social circles. So, how do I get out of this? You want to take this one away? Like, I would just be like, "Fuck you guys. You suck." Like, I don't know what to tell. Like, it sucks. Like, guys suck. Like, they're of course they're blaming you cuz they won't like put any responsibility onto their loser friend. Okay. I'm going to be in charge of the next one. Okay. Your advice is cra like like this is your like what men suck. Like they like what do you mean? Like, of course they won't blame their friend cuz then they have to look inward. Yeah. They suck. I don't I would prescribe um you dick. Um I don't really know. Okay. Okay. I am seriously going to lose my mind over this girl. She has been one of my best friends for over 6 years, but I just can't stand to be around her anymore. We had an argument a while ago and stopped talking for 6 months, and it was the best 6 months of my life. Now that we patched things up a little, I'm starting to feel those same bad feelings as before. What should I tell her? Okay, you you I think you have a wiser take on this. Um, look, there's two worlds. Like, we all have First of all, everybody has a friend that they're just like grandfathered in. Like, no matter what, they're like they're they they they kind of just have to be your friend for the rest of your life. You hate them, but they but you're so embarrassed of them. Every time you bring them around, you're like you're like, "Oh, this is going to be terrible." But you have no other choice. they're already in the circle and you can't get a new friend. They know too much, right? Like they're like it's like a therapist. Like you don't want to teach a new friend like all this stuff. They've been your friend for like 10 years. You kind of have to keep them. So there's like a little bit of that world. And then I always think like the truth is going to set you free. You just have to tell the truth. You have to be like, "Look, I'm like finding myself like resenting you a little bit. We patched this up. Like what are we going to do about it?" And talk to them. And like sometimes the mature thing is like letting go. And then sometimes it's like, "Oh, no. Let's like try to work through this." I I think I think I think you should definitely try that. Unless they're already in the grandfathered in. Like the grandfathered in, you have no there's no choice. You're [ __ ] You're [ __ ] cuz they know too much. Yeah. Grandfathered in there. Like, don't you have some friends you like hate? Like, you hate them? Like, they're your friend. No, you do. Every You know what I'm talking about. You know, Yeah. Obviously, he's such a liar. You just like He's such a liar. You just like don't want to. You're on It's cuz we're on a podcast. Like like yeah I have friends I hate you know who you are. I don't even know which camera to look at. No but like you hate them. Like you don't actually hate them. You're just like really you said that like we're like like do you have like people you bring around someone and you're like why would you say that? Like that's usually me. Oh really? Yeah. Like that's I maybe I'm the friend. Yeah. Like my friend Will always is like what the why the [ __ ] would you say that? Like how could you say that? Like you've like you're so embarrassing. So but I would prescribe Truth Hurts by Lizo. Oh. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. Yes. Yes. Yes. The past two or three guys I've gotten with keep finishing so quickly, like record speed. I know it's a low-key compliment, but come on. What do I got to do here? Some people have like issues with it. Um, maybe I think maybe like try a lot of foreplay first so that like by the time you get to set like like maybe like have them like go down on you or like do something that's going to you know or bring a toy into it or something something that's going to get you either like you already came before or like you can come very easily and then maybe that'll like work their confidence back up. I prescribe I prescribe um like going to Babel Land or something. I used to toy the first time I lost my virginity. You did? Yeah. No. Isn't that insane? First time. Yes. That's insane. Isn't that insane? That's crazy. Like, isn't that crazy? Yeah, that's crazy. That's insane. Like, you're so I don't think I've even ever told my friends that. Yeah, that's insane. That's insane. I want to become a singer songwriter and went to an open mic the other night and got awkwardly laughed off stage after my performance. It didn't kill me, but it sure didn't feel good. Like, am I cut out for this? Do you want to start and then I will like Yeah, I think you're cut out for it. I think your outlook on it is great. Like, it didn't kill me, but it was didn't feel great. Obviously, that's not going to feel good. You're human. Of course, it's not going to feel good. Yeah. People tell me no still all the time. Yes. So many times. Like you're going to fail so much. Like you're going to fail constantly. Like you're going to like nobody's going to remember your failures though. Like nobody's coming up to you and they're like, "Jake, do you remember that like one podcast you had that like didn't go off that well or like at that show when you told that one joke? Uh like and if they are focused on that, they're like a piece of [ __ ] and like they shouldn't like it doesn't like they're just like praying on your downfall." But like no normal person like when you talk about like Michael Jordan you're not like remember when he missed that like game winning three you're like oh my god do you remember when he dunked from the foul line with his tongue out like you know you're like thinking of [ __ ] like that like and I I think you just have to like keep going and and and it's all going to work out and like the only chance you won't make it is if you quit. Like that's the only chance you guaranteed to not make it. Oh I guess you're right. What do you want to prescribe? Um Stronger by Kelly Clarkson. Oh, my friend made that song. Really? Who made that? Alli Tamposie. Oh, wow. Singer songwriter. Have you ever worked with Kelly Clarkson? I've never worked with Kelly. I went on her show, but I never worked with her. Oh, okay. My best friend just started dating my secret crush of a year and a half. I know that's totally on me, but I'm heartbroken and I'm dreaming of sabotage. Do I commit to the bit or just be more open with my feelings next time? So, actually, I've had an experience with this. One time, my friend hooked up with my crush. And And did you did he know it was your crush? So, I thought he did, but he was like, "You never [ __ ] told me that you liked this guy." So, that is on you and it was on me. But next time, you just have to be more open and honest. Yeah, I think so, too. Like, it I learned the hard way. What do you want me I How dare you hook up with him? Like, you knew I liked him. He's like, "You literally never told me that." And I didn't. Did you ask him like the tea on it? Like, it was Yeah, I did. Was it good? He said it was okay. Okay. Well, what do you what do you recommend? Yours was perfect. But what do we prescribe? What do we prescribe? Nothing. I don't Do you have anything? This is your show. I know, but I I'm kind of like speechless. Like I don't really know. It touched you too deep. Yeah, I guess maybe it did. Like I prescribe you my situation. You prescribe like maybe real therapy. No. Or um um No, never that. Yoga. Yeah. Yeah. I prescribe like um what what would they prescribe like? like Earth Cafe or something. I hate Earth Cafe. Yeah, obviously I have never Nobody likes Nobody likes Earth Cafe. Really? Then why is it still around? I riddle me that because I think like people saw it on like Entourage and were like really I think so. I [ __ ] hate that place. What's your favorite restaurant in LA? Not Earth Cafe. Yeah, same. I What What are What are your faves? Um actual faves. Matuhisa. Okay. I love Matsuhisa. Okay. Okay, cool. Toana. Okay. Have you been to Toscana? Yes. It's amazing. Oh, I guess you've been there. So, um, La Chaacha in downtown LA. The What's that? It's great. It's Mexican food. Okay, that's about it. Okay, so three places. Do you cook? Yeah, I I used to a lot more than I do now. Oh, Mr. Chow. Love Mr. Chow. What do you What do you cook? I used to cook. What do you used to like? Do you die? Like like I just I order in every day. You do? It's What did you order today? Well, today I had like a pre-made meal from my healthy chef. Oh, are you on like a like a pre a precooked meals thing? Really? You're really trying to get like skinny? I'm really trying. Is it Is it good? Yeah, she's she's great. How many calories are you allowed to have a day? Oh, so I haven't gotten that that far yet, but I know I will one day. Like if I ever get lucky and I get like a roll where I have to be super skinny and ripped, like I'm excited for that day where I'm like I can only eat this many calories. Really? Do you cook every day? Yeah. For every meal? I cook a lot because like by the time you order Postmates, it's like you're like, "What was this supposed to be?" Like when it got it's like so cold and like disgusting. Or like the guy like it looks like he got in like like an off-roading like accident. Like you're like like the crispy tuna rice is like upside down and there's like there's like a jalapeno like somehow out of the box already like and it's like you're like what? Like Yes. So I rather just like make stuff at home and I Yeah. I really love cooking. Like I What's your favorite restaurant? Oh, my favorite restaurants. Okay, so I love I love a place called um Sushi Yamamoto. Oh, okay. This is good to know. I need a new sushi place. Okay. It's amazing. It's a little bit pricey, but it's amazing. And it's like very like sneaky like up in a thing. It's like it it's cool. And yeah, like of course I love like Sushi Park and all that [ __ ] but like um it's uh it's it's really delicious and it's really cool. Um, and then I like uh I like Thai food a lot. I love Thai food. So like I love like Jit Lada, Northern Thai food club. They're in Thai town. Um and I love like spicy BBQ. And then like I love Mexican food. So I love like you know Mariscoco Halisco. I love like tacos la. I love halbash. Um I've been to hobbos. I got octopus taco. I got octopus tostadas. So good. Yeah. And I love like I like like I love like found oyster and stuff. Um you're putting me on safel. Yeah, of course. I love like raffies too and all that [ __ ] Never been to Rafies. Rafy's good and like mini kebab. Wait, maybe I have been to Rafy's. Raffies is like the Persian Armenian place or a little fancier? Yeah, I've been there. Um then I like I like Mado. Yeah, Mado is great. Old school. Yeah. Um, I like uh I usually cook Italian food when it's at home cuz that's like that's the one thing I cook too. Oh, you do? I make a pasta. Okay. I pour a bunch of olive oil in a pan. Cut up a bunch of tomatoes. Saute the tomatoes till the olive oil becomes like tomatoy olive oil. Beautiful. Then I make my pasta on the side. Save a bunch of pasta water. Pour the pasta in. Pour the pasta water in. Mix it all together. And then I like add cheese and salt. Call it a day. Yeah, it's [ __ ] delicious. Yeah, it's great. Like everything should be like simple, beautiful. What's your favorite thing to cook? Honestly, I cook so many different things. I really want you to cook for me. I will cook for you. I'll cook now that I know you like Italian. I'll cook you like a delicious Italian. Okay. I'm excited. We're going to make like a like a I can either do like northern like super like kind of like or I could do like you know like chicken parmesan. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So, we'll do like ital we'll do like beautiful Italian with like with like a beautiful pasta like maybe a seafood pasta like a lobster pasta like a lobster pasta. Yeah. We'll like do that and I'll make like a beautiful like bread and and make like a really good salad and maybe like a little bit of like steak like a delicious I love a steak. Like a delicious steak. Yeah. And I'll like how do you eat your steak? I'll like I first I'll like smoke it. Okay. on like a Trager for like an hour really slow and get it like super smoky then take it off and like sear it and give it like a butter bath with like with like garlic and then I'll rub your feet. Okay. Do you want me to rub your feet or it's like that? The intimacy is too much though. No, no. I like I like having my feet. I can make you feel comfy like in like a massage setting like in an intimate I can make you feel like very comfortable. I'm sure you can. Yeah. I went to a Valentine's Day celebration with my boyfriend and his family. I got really drunk and made out with his cousin. I really just want to sweep this one under the rug, but I know I shouldn't. Help. Do they know? So, it's I don't know, but it does sound like you cheated on your boyfriend. Yeah. That's a no no. Of course. That's bad. Mhm. That's bad. That's That's like really bad. You cheat on your boyfriend with his cousin. Cousin. He definitely doesn't know. And he's not saying anything either. Like every Is everyone a bad person? The boyfriend's not. Well, the boyfriend's probably she said she wants to sweep this one under the rug. It sounds like he doesn't know maybe. Yeah, but like so like she's like might be bad. Yeah. And like the cousin is definitely the cousin is definitely bad. Well, it sounds like she has a drinking problem. Yeah. Yeah. And the cousin for sure is like Yeah. Like [ __ ] Mhm. Yeah. I would prescribe uh you know, blame it on the alcohol, but the Glee cover version. Oh, I was just talking about Jamie Fox recently. I've never seen Glee. I know about it, though. And I know everything about it. I mean, I would hope that you would know about Glee. They've done Teenage Dream twice. Really? I'm going to be sick. I'm sorry. I'm going to be sick. I'm sorry. What do you mean? Just shut up and read the next question. No. They did Teenage Dream once in all boys school. It was [ __ ] amazing. It was amazing. Amazing. Amazing. I'm so out of the loop. It's crazy. I can't believe you've never seen Glee. So, they did Teenage Dream once and it was like um a bunch of uh uh it was an all boy school called and there was an a capella group called the Warblers. So, they did the first teenage dream. I don't even know the concept of Glee. It's a glee club in high school. Oh, okay. So, and it was super major when they did it. So, but then when the guy in the Warblers breaks up with Kurt, uh the guy in the other glee club, he sings an acoustic rendition of Teenage Dream in a New York City bar. Did you lose your mind? Did you cry? my shivers down my spine. Do you know what I'm talking about? It is one of the most iconic moments in Glee history. I love you. Thank you. I love you, too. Okay, go to the next one. Okay. I You know, you'll cook for me. I'll watch Glee with you. Okay. Is that our first date? Yes. Okay. I can't believe you haven't seen Glee. So many of your songs have been on Glee. Yeah, I guess so. I just met a guy and we hooked up. Well, it turns out he's married. He's 23. And now I just took a pregnancy test and it was positive. He will not return my text. What is a woman to do? I prescribe uh write a screenplay. That's crazy. What she just said is insane, right? Read it one more time. I just met a guy and we hooked up. Well, turns out he's married. He's 23 and now I just took a pregnancy test and it was positive. He will not return my text. What is a woman to do? Buy a gun, right? For him. And like, yeah, get rid of him, maybe. Or Yeah. Or that. That's crazy. I mean, I would definitely out him to his wife for sure. Yeah, for sure. DM to the wife. DM to the wife first thing. First thing, right? I wouldn't Hey girly a DM if with a pregnancy. Like I would like maybe like find her at work. I prescribe once again the other woman. Best movie ever. Um, I would go to them at work and be like, "Yo, like your husband [ __ ] me and I am now pregnant and I did not know he was married. I'm so sorry. I'm either keeping the baby or I'm not. And just like what do you want to do here personally cuz like we should stick together. I love it. Yeah, that's what I would do. Yeah, for sure. And then like maybe like plot revenge against him together. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Together. Revenge. Is that the the the plot of other of the other women? Yeah. They they they they each three or I also prescribe like John Tucker Must Die if you want. Oh, yeah. So, you do know pop culture. I've seen I've seen that one. John Tucker Must Die. Yeah. Yeah. I've seen that one. It's the best movie ever. What's that guy's name? John Tucker. No, his real name in real. Oh, of course I don't know. Was he like your crush growing up? Yeah. I also thought he was very attractive. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I also had a a gay awakening with um with who? I forget now. Okay. Okay. Well, that was our last tell me what's wrong. So, Benny, what did we learn today? Is this what happens? Mhm. Oh, you asked people what they learned. Yeah. What did you learn? I learned that you're a really good guy. And I learned that I feel like you deserve like the best type of love. Oh my god. Um you might be the problem. I think you might be a little bit selfish and maybe the problem, but like you need to find the right person that's going to like tame your lion and like put you in place when you need to be. And it sounds like you can make a good pasta and I can't wait to watch Glee with you. I learned that you have never seen Glee and you literally don't know how the songs you've made. Benny Blanco, thank you for coming on Therapus. I love you. I love you, too. I love you guys, too. This was the best. Was it good? This was amazing. Do you want to give a little bye [ __ ] Bye, [ __ ] Bye, [ __ ] Bye, [ __ ] [Music]
