<!-- youtube-transcripts/keira-knightley-graham-norton-2025.md -->
Listen, we are very sorry that uh your fellow guest Jensen Button He know here. Um are you fans of Formula 1? You can say what you like now. >> Not really. No, >> I am. >> Oh, you actually are. >> Yeah, I've got my uncle got me when like he got me a cap, a Honda cap, and he got Jensen Button to sign it. >> Wow. >> Yeah, >> that was a pretty lame Christmas, wasn't it? >> I was quite impressed. But, you know, >> I'm guessing you're not a fan. >> I play golf with Louiswis Hamilton. >> Okay, that's close. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> He's not out the back or anything. Is he? >> Cuz I've got a lot of Formula 1 questions I could ask. >> Other than that, um I don't know about it. >> Actually, we're lucky that anybody's here because uh now you've been in lots of action pictures, Kira. >> Yeah. >> So, you must have had dramatic injuries. >> No. >> Seriously, none. >> No, I've No, I've never had a dramatic injury. I mean, I've actually been completely fine. And I've done a lot of sword fighting and all that sort of stuff until I did a film in November uh where I had to run from a chair to a door and I got up from the chair and I took two steps and I ripped my quad muscle and it was one of those where we've been joking because what muscle? >> Quad. >> Oh, okay. Thank you. >> Yeah, the quad. >> British accent. The British accent got me for a second. >> Wow. >> What you say? That's quite the story. >> Okay. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, I then I then couldn't couldn't walk for about uh a month. Yeah. So, that was it. Apart from that, I've been absolutely fine. What about you? >> You a really bad one, didn't you? >> I've been injured a few times. I I uh but last October I was shooting a film in Germany and I got thrown from a freezer about 15 feet from a 10t 12t height onto my shoulder and ended up with kind of that that's my that's my collar bone. >> There's a Oh. >> Oh my sorry. But there's a >> Can you guys see that? >> Nice. >> That's broken. Sorry, but >> it's just it's it's all the ligaments that hold your shoulder down. >> They don't hold it down >> snapped. So my collarbone kind of sits up now. >> Oh. >> And is that forever? >> But I still have full function of my shoulder though. >> Does it hurt? >> No, it's awesome. Can I just >> Yeah. Uh Jensen, but if you are watching that, that is an injury. >> That's right, J. >> Yeah. Why? >> You are sitting beside a fashion icon. Of course, >> Kira Nightly. Um, but now is it true that I mean, you're all dressed up tonight, but you're not that interested in clothes. >> No, I mean, no, I I really like getting dressed up every now and again, but no, I'm a real scruff because >> you do you do a lot of work with Chanel. You do their ads. And is this Chanel? >> Oh, don't ask me because I thought that you wouldn't. And I don't know who made this. >> I It's lovely. >> It is lovely, isn't it? >> Sound of a gunshot as a designer just kills himself. >> This was my big break. It's a It's a lovely thing. So, whoever did make it >> very nice. Look. >> Yeah. Is there a label? >> Actually, yeah. Look, then we can then we can do a shout out. >> There's nothing. >> Oh, good. >> Absolutely not one. >> Sorry. >> Not one label. >> That was our first mistake. Yeah. >> But no, cuz the one of the last red carpet was a Chanel dress, which is an amazing looking dress. You look like a Christmas cracker. >> Yeah. >> That's been pulled. And the prize was your feet. >> Yes. >> Go. Yes. It was a corset, so it's not an optical illusion. I mean, >> like a Lego U. >> Yeah, it's like >> the mistake that I made was going out to lunch in it afterwards where we went to an Italian restaurant and I had bolognese cuz why wouldn't you? And suddenly you realize like normally in clothes, you know, your tummy might get a bit bigger if you eat a bolognese. Can't do it in a corset. It can't like it just stays up here. So the belching that was happening afterwards was absolutely disgusting. You'd think I know that doing like so many corset films and like period films I might have learned but I didn't. >> Kira, I mean there's the Natalie Portman thing cuz obviously you started your career as a look alike. >> As her lookalike Yeah. >> Yeah. But you are mistaken for really odd people I think. >> No, I mean Natalie Portman I get a lot and I get chased through airports. I mean, I quite feel quite sorry for her because she must get chased a lot because it's happened like about five times where somebody's been like, "Natalie, Natalie, Natalie, and I'm kind of going, it's not Natalie." And I'll always sign and have a picture as Natalie Portman. And I get Kate Winslett a lot as well, which you know, but the one that's quite surprising is Britney Spears. >> Yeah, >> that's very surprising. >> It is. It is. And again, I've been quite excited because I quite like the idea that I could kind of do all that, which I can't do, but you know, um Yeah. And I' So I've been Britney Spears about three times. >> Well, and do you sign for her? >> I definitely sign and have a picture. Absolutely. >> Wow. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Not when it's me. If somebody says me, I go a bit like, "Oh god, oh no, this is really embarrassing." But absolutely every time Britney comes up, definitely. >> Sometimes you can't win. I've been I've been every famous black actor in the world. But the funniest one was my wife and I were in Scotland and this driver was driving us back to the airport and he's this is so great. I now have the whole set and my wife's like set of what? It's like driven Mr. Freeman driven Mr. Washington now I have you. It's like what is that the whole set of is that the black triumpvirate or what was that? Okay, now listen. Cara, Cara, your new movie. We see a whole new side to Kodi. Kira sings. Kira sings. Yeah. >> So take it away. >> I go on. I will. I car you will. I care. I car. There's a little burst of something. Ah something now. K. You will you will worse. >> Go on. >> No. No. Don't worry. Don't worry. I'm not going to make I'm not going to make sing because it's the movie is called uh Begin Again. Begin Again. Opens on the 11th of July and you do sing. You do sing. >> Yeah, I do. >> But you're good in it. >> You know what I mean? But like >> that was amazing. You're good in it. Like thanks. >> Well, no, you seem to hate singing. You seem to hate >> I know. I'm not I'm not a big fan of singing. I actually don't like singing. I mean, I do like singing if I'm on my own in a shower, like, but I don't like singing in front of people, which I didn't realize until I said yes to the film and suddenly found myself singing in front of quite a lot of people. >> Karaoke? >> No. >> Ever. >> I hate it. I mean, if I get really drunk, like really drunk. >> When you go on those like big junkets to Japan, don't they don't the studio people take you to a karaoke place? >> I've only been once and no, they didn't. >> They always take you to karaoke when you go to Japan. You pick a I got a karaoke song. >> What's your karaoke song? Oh, that good, huh? [Laughter] >> I wish it would rain. It's one of my rocking out songs. And uh let's let's just kiss and say goodbye. Yeah. >> Oh, nice. >> Anyhow, back to you singing. >> Mark singing this thing, too? >> No, he doesn't. >> Oh, >> no. Mark Ruffalo does. Well, he plays the guitar. >> He does play the guitar. He produces it in in the film in real life. >> We should explain a bit more. Actually, we're talking. It's nonsense. >> Understand? So, you So, it's it's you. >> So, I'm a singer songwriter. Yes. >> And I sing. >> Yes. >> Is that enough? >> Yeah. No. And your your boyfriend is a is a big rock. >> Big rock star and he dumps me. That's not giving much away. It happens quite early on. Um Yeah. So, he dumps me and then I'm suddenly left in New York not really knowing what to do and I bump into this alcoholic who's played by Mark Ruffalo and we decide to produce an album together. So, that's what we do. >> It's not the same as your life, but there are parallels in that you are married to a rock star. >> Yeah. He'll be very happy to hear himself called a rockstar. Yes, he Yes, I am. I'm married to a rockstar. >> Yeah. >> Yes. >> But and I know it's it's different. >> It is different. But he did actually teach me how to play. Well, he tried to teach me how to play the guitar for this film, which uh nearly ended in divorce and murder. I've never been more angry. It's like that. Nobody should ever do it. If you are married to somebody, don't get the other one to teach you how to play a musical instrument. But yeah, so no, I can't really play the guitar. He can do it very well. But there was one bit in the film where I thought, "Oh, Kira must have done that and it's where you're watching him play and all the girls are in the front going, "Yay, him." You must have had that experience. >> I have had that. Yeah, I do like watching him from the side of stage. Only with them, it's kind of a lot more beefy dudes >> than it is girls. Apart from there are occasions where it's like yeah know there'll be a lot of girls around and they kind of get very excited but they never got thrown like I always think bands should have like knickers thrown at them and they've never I've never seen knickers thrown at them. I've seen a bra thrown at them which was quite big but never kn >> not a threat. >> No. Well, no. I sort of thought I mean clearly he's not into that. >> Yeah. No. So, I thought I might start going along with Nick knickers just so that they can experience that and operate them. >> That would be nice. You want to get the party started. >> Yeah. You know what I mean? >> Supportive wife. >> Exactly. Very support. Oh, Claxons. Uh, their album's out Monday, by the way. Now, I'm a really supportive wife, right? >> Well done you. Very good. Very good. Okay. Kira Nightly. What will be worse for you? Having to sing in front of a large audience or do your sex faces >> right now? I'm not asking you to do them now. I'm so pleased. >> We're just asking you that conceptually. Which would be worse? Cuz dangerous dangerous method. You had to do a lot of sex faces. >> I had to do a lot of sex faces. I had to do a lot of like weird sex faces. Oh, no. That's not a weird sex face. But you know, she she Yeah, she was a bit of a weird character. It was No, that's not it. >> No, it was directed by >> I like that movie. >> You promised you wouldn't tell. >> Uh, no. Yeah, I had to go on Skype with David Croninberg so that he could see what my planned weird sex faces were. >> That's that that's >> Yeah. No, it's awful on every level because I'd never met him before. So, like to say, "Hello, nice to meet you." And then all of a sudden have to go, "So, hey, what are your sex faces?" Which I'd been practicing in the mirror just before, which is a weird thing to do. Um, and I went on and I got in the m because they were meant to be like horrible sex faces. So uh so they were horrible but Skype froze. >> Horrible sex face. So my like meeting with this big director who I think is amazing was suddenly just this kind of >> great >> but you do seem to have I don't know whether it's bad luck or just >> bad sex. No no no K. No. I'm not saying that. >> Do you mean like bad sex faces? >> What is a bad sex? >> Bad sex faces. Two very different things. >> Two very different things. You know, bad a bad sex face is just [Laughter] [Applause] it. This is bad. So uncomfortable moments with directors. Joe writes in atonement. So you again it was making sweet love >> and he's directing you but he's shouting instructions. >> Yeah. So it's like it's I don't know there's a scene we're having sex up against the books bookshelf as you do and it's with the lovely James Makavoy. He's a friend who's really lovely and it's always awkward because he's a friend and that's awkward and we're in the middle of it and suddenly this voice just goes Kira him off. Hey, >> that's what they don't know when they're sitting there watching it. They're like, "God, look at that." And you know, it's like 15 guys standing around and there's a guy with a sandwich like faster. Yeah, it's sort of tough for us, too, cuz you come in the room, you go, "Okay, so where can I touch you?" "Okay, where can I not touch you?" "Okay, um I want to apologize now for getting excited or I want to apologize now for not getting excited." >> Cuz you don't know. You know, actors could be upset either way. It's kind of like, "Oh, I'm not your type, huh? [Applause] [Music]