<!-- youtube-transcripts/madelaine-petsch-angle-on-producers.md -->
# madelaine-petsch-angle-on-producers
video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SE3HNVmhlFs

You were mentioning that you worked over 249 jobs to be precise. You kept a diary. >> Uh speaking of post-it notes, >> were they post-it notes? >> No, but I had a journal. Uh and I I have a I have some interesting like relationships with control. And so one of especially back then, so I kept a journal of all of my auditions, the feedback I got >> and every casting director I met and like if they mentioned anything about their families or how is Scott, you know what I mean, right? Um, and then I also kept a journal of all of my my jobs, which I would love to find. Mostly because I was like, this is going to make a really funny script one day. [Music] I'm excited to talk to you because you're so new in this chapter of your career as a producer and there are a lot of thoughts that folks may have about actor turned producers and I know we'll get into that but I am a big proponent of young women like yourself like taking taking charge of their careers and creating the life for themselves that they want especially at a time when there's no rules. rules. I mean, there's never been there's a perception of rules and you can play within the system and win, but we are in a time where you can really create anything you want. And I applaud you for like stepping into that and seemingly from from where I'm sitting, really trying to control your narrative, not just as an artist, but now as a producer. So, thank you for being here. >> That's really kind. Thank you. >> Yeah. So, a little context for the listeners. Um, you were born uh near Seattle, but your parents are from South Africa and they're immigrants. I'm curious how that upbringing by South African parents like impacted you. >> That's honestly such a great question. I don't know what the difference would be if I had American parents because I had South African parents. But they're incredibly hard workers and they ran a business from my home upstairs my whole life and they came to America with I think $1,000 in their pocket. >> How old were they? >> My dad was in his 30s and he used to actually live in California which is crazy. And my mom was, I think, maybe 28 when she moved to America. And uh they met here, but they grew up down the street from each other. It's the craziest story. >> Um but they they were incredibly hard workers and they built a business and they were able to keep a roof over my head and raise two children and keep food in our mouths. And >> I heard them talk about business 24/7 and it caused a lot of fights in the household. But I I think they instilled a really strong work ethic and love for work in such a young age for me. My version of playing as a child was getting fake keys that they put together for me, getting in the car, fake driving up the driveway, and then going into the office, they had a little makeshift desk for me, and I would do shipping labels on their boxes for them. Like, that's how I would play as a kid. >> I love it. Like that free labor for them. >> Super smart, actually. That's brilliant. My parents also moved to America. from Brazil um when they were in their 30s you know and I can't imagine now as someone in my 30s like picking up with family with children and just moving to a whole new place and having to adjust and learn culture and customs and language the the bravery of that it's like how do you grow up with those kind of role models and not have that impact you in a really deep way right like it's really fascinating and I I had similar things where I was always like playing things that were like office tasks you know my parents actually cleaned a lot of houses and offices when they first moved to America. So, we would go to like a dentist office in the middle of the night or like after hours, not in the middle of the night, >> and they would take us cuz they didn't have child care. So, I was like that's where my love of Post-it notes really began, you know, >> just like all of the paper supplies and so I was always like organizing their desk. The receptionist probably thought like what happened, but I'm like, you know, this precarious like nine-year-old just like really really excited about organizing and that has stuck with me till today. But so then when did you discover you know that that there was Hollywood and show business and you've mentioned in other shows that your love for acting really started very young when you were five and that your parents were very supportive of that from an early age. I think there's such a blessing in having parents that are from South Africa or immigrants because they don't understand how difficult it is to get into Hollywood. >> Like they weren't raised in America so they don't know it feel it's so like elusive. >> My dad is like follow your bliss. you know exactly they're like you can do it and it's like the one person not even one person people can um but they really believed in me so I think that instilled again like this belief in myself >> at such a young age that I I feel very lucky to have they also >> they are they're they have a band my parents have a band and they love making music and so they they were like you need to find what art you love so at a young age I was doing like clarinet guitar drums >> didn't really like any of those piano me was okay singing lessons I like I even though I had so little in in terms of resources. It was so important to them that I found what art spoke to me just so I could have a a creative outlet. And so I I actually ended up sticking with dance and theater and fell in love after my first performance at 5 years old and told them I was like, I want to do that forever. And they listened to me at five. And I'm like, first of all, what if I was like, I want to be an astronaut. Now I was like, yeah, I'm working at NASA. Like, thank God I didn't just say some crazy stuff. >> Could you imagine? You could have been at NASA and it's not too late. Like, you could still do that. >> I love where I'm at, but thank you so much. Um but yeah, so then but at what point is it a serious conversation for you to move to LA and take the leap? So I was I remember sitting around the dinner table at 13 14 and my brother had some friend come over for dinner and she was talking about this arts high school that was kind of 45 minutes away from my parents house and it was visual arts, performance arts, all these different kinds of arts and it was an open campus. So there was four different buildings in Washington that you'd have to walk to. like your 16-year-old kid is walking on a public street, which I think felt really unsafe to a lot of parents. And it was the biggest blessing of my life was this random person coming and sitting at my dinner. I never saw her again. I think the university came down and gave me this gift. >> Um because I wouldn't have known about the school and I wouldn't have gone there otherwise. And it it created >> a lot of independence at a incredibly young age for me. I auditioned and I got into that school. I went for three years. they created a like a tenacity with my creativity that was really um I'm really thankful for now because there was no I learned very quickly that there's no right or wrong in creativity in an arts high school >> which is such a crazy forum to learn that in and uh to champion other people's art and how art can be translated in so many different ways and that is what kind of was the impetus to me moving to LA is that newfound independence within that school I'm so thankful for that school I mean it's called the school of the arts in Tacoma and it >> it I wouldn't They it shaped me as an artist. It shaped me as a human being, >> which I think is what shapes you as an artist >> 100%. >> And then at 18, >> it was I think everyone just kind of knew I was leaving. We had we'd always talked about it, but there's nowhere else you can go but LA. So I came out 16 with my mom for 6 months. They gave me credit in school audition. >> Wow. >> Which is amazing. >> What year was that? >> Oh my god. 16. I'm 31. So 15 years ago. That's really Do you ever have moments in your life you're like, how old am I? >> Correct. I do. Especially as you get older and then you forget how old you are. Especially when you think about, oh yeah, 2004, that wasn't that long ago. And you're like, no, that was 21 years ago. That's crazy. That's like a whole human life. That baby is now like drinking legally that was born in that year, you know? So, no, absolutely. I have those moments, especially cuz I've been in LA almost 20 years. And so, yeah, I feel ancient. >> I mean, I've been here 11. No, longer. 13. >> Yeah. >> Like I said, I forgot how old I am. >> But like, you moved at a time when there was a boom, a boom, and there was a lot of work here in LA, I guess, is like that's why I asked still existed 2010. Well, I came here in 2010 for pilot season, >> which was I mean I'm so glad I got to experience that because it doesn't exist anymore. >> It's so sad. >> And it was such it's such a fun part of being an actor. It was I mean it makes me so sad that actors don't get to experience that now because pilot season was this thing where like >> what was it 3 to four months of just intense auditioning for the craziest shows on the planet. Most of which you'll never see. >> Hopefully you get a call back. But it was like it was the time where you got the most >> work and you got to just play the most as an artist. So I came in for pilot season at 16. didn't get any call backs or anything. And then my mom was like, "You belong here." And my mom got to see, she came at 16 with me. And so at 18, I remember driving on Christmas day down here with my parents to help me move. >> So then you move at 18 and you were mentioning that you worked over 249 jobs to be precise, you kept a diary. >> Uh speaking of Post-it notes, >> were they post-it notes? >> No, but I had a journal. Uh and I I have a I have some interesting like relationships with control. And so one of especially back then so I kept a journal of all of my auditions, the feedback I got >> and every casting director I met and like if they mentioned anything about their families or how the hell is Scott, you know what I mean, >> right? >> Um and then I also kept a journal of all of my my jobs which I would love to find. Mostly because I was like this is going to make a really funny script one day cuz I worked just like any and every job I could because I would quit if they wouldn't let me off for an audition. >> Yeah, >> I promise I'm not like that as a producer for the record. >> But it was like that. I was It's such a weird thing in LA. It's such a right of passage to have those kind of pass a jobs that you can you can leave. And so I I I think I quit one job five times and they kept being like, "Can you come to work tomorrow, please?" Like, "Okay, fine. I'll come." And then like three weeks later, I have an audition. They're like, "You can't get off for this one." I'm like, "Okay, well then I guess I quit." Like, "See you tomorrow." Like it was just it became a kind of cute thing. And they actually went there like 3 years after Riverdale came out and they were all like so supportive. It was really wonderful. Yeah, it is interesting that LA is such a city of dreamers and people that come out here to pursue not working in the service industry. That's for sure. So, the fact that there isn't this built-in support or system that because you would think like finding new employees all the time would be stressful for a business owner. >> Well, you'd think that there like you said there should be I never even thought about that. There should be a system of almost like secondary people who we know are available for that shift. you know that someone's an actor. So many servers in in Los Angeles and baristas are trying to to get to their dream and every business owner knows that. That's why we're in LA. >> Exactly. >> And it is kind of shocking when you think about that. But then at the same time, they're trying to run a business. It it's a it's a really tough >> It's tough. It's tough. I get it. But I don't know. That's a different I guess. >> We're going to figure that out. We'll figure it out. There's a business model. We're going to figure that out. But those early days like moving here at 18, it's such a beautiful time in like a person's life. Like anything is possible. You know, I came out here at 19 and I just like, >> you know, have like so many of those feelings of driving down the PCH for the first time on my own, like blasting, you know, whatever was the song of the moment. And it's it's such a beautiful time, but it's also a scary time because it's a lot of new things. And so, what were those early years like before Riverdale came your way? >> Oh my goodness. It was honestly so complicated too because I I I moved here with a a close friend and then she met her now husband which is wonderful. So she moved out quite quickly and so then another friend from Washington came and and she was struggling with substance abuse and I didn't know. So then as a child I'm dealing with this person who's with me every day trying to navigate this not really knowing what that looks like and then at the same time auditioning, working jobs, paying hour rent. So it it was tough to navigate. Uh, but I there's something about being a kid when you're 18, 19, 20 where you're completely untouchable. >> Yeah. >> I never felt I remember getting into a car accident driving to work because I was memorizing lines at the same time. Don't do this. Don't do that. But I I was like, I'm not auditioning after work, so I'm remember and I I hit somebody with my car. Not I hit another car with my car for the record. And I remember afterwards like I knew my insurance was going to be astronomical. I didn't have the money to pay for it, nor did my parents. And I was like, it's going to be fine. I'm not even worried about it. I'm gonna book the job tonight and nobody It's just the way that your brain works at such a young age that I have nothing but fond memories at that time. Even just I think there were some of the hellish moments of my life were in that time. >> Yeah. So how long then from when you land here to Riverdale? >> I think I booked Riverdale at 21. So 3 years. >> Three years >> which is like very short. >> Very short. >> Yeah. I'm very lucky. I went in for the casting director of Riverdale >> so many times. I mean he was the teen casting director. He did David Rapaort. He does he did Gossip Girl and he Somewhere I turned Pretty and like all of those like iconic, you know, teen dramas. So you go in when you move in at 18, you you go in to see him all the time. And I think because I'd gone in so many times even though it was such a big pilot that there was so much there was so many cooks in the kitchen on that one because I consistently shown up and done a good job for all these other auditions. He trusted and backed me to them in a way that I don't know if I would have gotten the job otherwise if I didn't have David who was like, I've seen her so many times come in here and do a good job. like we need to believe that she can continue. >> Yeah. And that was your first big role. I mean, cuz I don't know if you had booked smaller things before Riverdale, but your first your launch really as an actor. >> Yeah. I did a a national Honda commercial, which paid my bills for a little bit, which was nice. Nice. >> With an incredible incredible DP. Uh I I can't He did Gravity. >> Oh, wow. >> The movie Gravity, which I was like, "Oh, I didn't know this is how this works, but of course people need to do commercial work." And then I did a couple of like very small movies. Yeah. before Riverdale. >> But this was like a big moment, big deal. And then you're on the show for seven seasons, which is like also an astronomical thought these days when everything gets like three seasons at best. >> Yeah. >> Um, and that really, I would say, is like a masterclass in TV production, right? So, were there specific moments or experiences during that time, during those seven years that started to give you that producing itch and and plant that seed for you, or did you already know at some point you wanted to find your way into producing? >> I didn't know. I think I always I had this idea that I was just meant to be an actor, just meant to focus on acting. And then >> we were on the show and we were given this blessing to be somewhere for so long to ask questions, to learn >> and when I went on Riverdale, I didn't know what a producer did. I actually thought they brought money and that was like the only thing they did. >> A normal misal Yeah. So I watched on the show with that thought in mind. I mean Sarah, have you ever met Sarah Shear? >> No. She is. >> She sounds familiar though. >> The coolest producer on the planet. She's such a bulldog. I'm like I basically got a master class in producing from what I think is one of the the smartest, strongest female producers in the business. She works with Greg Brante who also made our show on the show behemoth. I would I would champion that so hard. She's brilliant. Um, so I asked her so many questions and I'm sure she can tell you that and uh when you have her and I think because when you're on a show on location, there isn't really anybody who's like the adult on in charge. The showrunner comes up occasionally, but for the most part, you get these scripts and you've got the writer on set and the director of the episode, but the director changes every episode. So, you're kind of in charge of keeping the continuity of your character alive if you care. and we all cared so immensely that >> we ended up kind of naturally producing on the show and I didn't even know I was doing that. >> And then over time I remember I had I'd have so much time off in Vancouver. I'd start reading books and be like is this is this being made into a movie? Oh that that means optioning. Is this book optioned? How do I do that? How do I get involved in that? And I got a book agent. And I started talking to her about like okay well I love reading. I I read two books a week. Like how can I make this part of my job? And I learned about how you can option books. And then I learned about production companies. And it kind of naturally happened over time. And then I found this script Jane which was about the manifestation of anxiety in a in a woman and how that can eat someone away eat away at someone. And I was like well is this does this have money? What do we and they no there's no money. There's nothing attached. It's just a a fantastic director. Do you want to meet with her? And then I was like I want to find money for this. And then I learned okay so I have to find the money. Okay great. I found the money for this. Now I have to find a production company. Now I have to find production services. And so I was kind of put in this situation where I had to learn very quickly what that was. And it clicked really easily for me in my brain because I have that organization brain. I have that >> that that my parents kind of instilled this business mind in me. So I want to say it happened fairly naturally and I I fell in love with it. I was the only person on that film who had been on a film set before. So then I was like, I have to run this ship. I don't know what I'm doing. So I I faked it the entire time and it worked to the best of my ability. And now and and now I've had a couple more under my belt and Lionsgate trusted me to come in and produce The Strangers, which is crazy. And that >> that happened very naturally as well. And I I've just been very lucky to be trusted creatively. Uh I have strong opinions, but I love to be swayed. >> Yeah. >> I love I love a like a passionate creative conversation. I love when two people when I disagree with somebody and we can talk about why in a creative passion and that's so much of producing, isn't that, you know, >> from a place of respect and understanding course. Yeah. Yeah. Of course. which means those people care about the material so much that they have like very strong opinions. That's what I love about producing is it's like it's just another way to be sewn more into the fabric of the story in a meaningful way. >> Yeah. And I think what you were touching upon is like I have having done the show for as long as I have and having you know obviously being a producer myself I think there's like a certain DNA that certain people share that they just are curious about all these parts of the process because truly I mean there is no book that you can really read that gives you all of this and folks have tried and even the ones that exist are dated frankly because it's also a format that's constantly changing and what worked 20 years ago doesn't work now and you know you can take some of those learnings but it is just about being curious, endlessly curious, and being able to voice what you don't know and being able to bring folks that like are going to fill in the gaps of your knowledge in that moment in time as you like grow and elevate. But I I'm a big believer because I came up on set like most of my experiences as a physical producer that, you know, the more you get to be there in in it in the trenches, that's how you're learning. You really are an apprenticehip kind of position. You're learning on the job. And if you're smart, you're taking the learnings and not making those mistakes again on the next one, right? You go, "Ah, okay. We missed the ball on this one. Won't do that over here." But then there's a new challenge that you could have never foreseen. And so every time you're just like sharpening the tools on your tool belt to be able to handle problems, creative, logistical, whatever kinds of problems in real time, always in service of the story and what's best for the project that you're making and the collective that you're making it with. And I think that's like the best producers I know, however they find themselves understanding that concept, like that's ultimately the foundation that they build upon to then, you know, continue to rise in their careers. >> I think the the thing that I find the most interesting about producing is that you'll never run into the same problem twice. So you might learn this experience, you might learn this lesson in this film I shot last year, but in this next film, nothing like that's going to come up. a situation where emotionally it might be similar, but the actual situation itself is is completely different. Yeah. >> One of my favorite producers I've ever worked with is Courtney Solomon from The Strangers, and I think he's I got a a boot camp in producing from him in such a major way. I'm so so lucky to have worked with somebody who saw I mean, he hired me as an actor for those movies and I came in and I was like, "Hey, I have some thoughts on the script if you want to talk about that." We ended up rewriting all the scripts together in my trailer. Then we were talking about shot listing and he just he started listening to me creatively when I was just kind of like mildly raising raising my hand being like I think we could do it like this. He was like raise it higher. I want to hear what you have to say. And he he empowered me in a way where I ended up getting to edit all the movies with him and learn how to be in an editing room and learn the lingo for I think 80s something days. >> And and I was given these opportunities I'm so lucky for. And one thing that I I learned from him is he was like I'm always learning. He's like, I've he's made over 50 movies and he's like, I will continue to learn for the rest of my career because every producer is different. >> Yeah. And every experience is different like you said. And like it's I think that's why like I personally love it is that no day is ever the same. And some people really need a sense of like stability and consistency and predictability in their lives. And like don't be in the movie industry. >> That's not for this industry, but certainly not for producers, right? I think there is a more predictable nature to other parts of the process, but you're you're in it every time and you're like, we're just trying not to drown basically out here, you know, on these streets. It's it's crazy. But so I was going to ask you, okay, so then when you added, you know, starting with Jane and Sightless in 2020, meet me halfway 2021. Um, what were those initial experiences like? Because you talked about like not really knowing or maybe having a perception of what you thought a producer was, quote unquote, and then now getting to have those. How has that changed and morphed getting you into stepping into strangers as a producer? I I always knew that producing had like a level of creativity that I didn't understand previous to Strangers because for Jane site was a meet Halfway. I came in to help package to to actually do physical production work and strangers I got to do development work which is a part of producing I hadn't really gotten to do historically and and pre-production and and staffing and casting and things that >> of course I now know producers do but I never really had gotten to touch before. Um, and I I'm really thankful I had done a couple of things before Strangers because it allowed me to feel a little confident doing what I'm doing. And also I got to kind of be Courtney's shadow in a way where I'd be like, "What do you think about doing this?" And then he would kind of say it in more a strong way. And now when we're doing re-shoots, I'm like, "We should do this, this, this, whatever." >> Um, >> but it it it instilled a confidence in me that I don't think I would have had if I wouldn't have done those things. And I I honestly think most of this has to go to Riverdale because they really did champion us and allow us to believe in ourselves and our instincts in a way that I don't think is normal for a network television show >> and that's probably why I love it so much because I I a creative autonomy is really important to me as an artist and I think producers are absolutely artists and their job is is to find the autonomy of the project. >> Yeah. Yeah. And empower the right people to know when to speak up in their parts of the process too. Um, >> and trust >> and trust. Yeah. Yeah. >> So, as now you've had a couple of projects and that we'll have we'll get to strangers, but what are the kinds of projects that you want to champion? Like you said, you read a lot of books and you seem to have a lot of passion for different kinds of stories. So, what's like if you had a crystal ball, you know, I love this question. I have a production company which I'm announcing at the end of the year. I have >> Thank you. I have the most amazing head of TV and film who I don't know how this person understands my brain so well, Catherine. She's I don't especially I'm on a press tour right now and she's still chopping up the bit and taking these meetings and moving these projects along in a way that I I don't know how it's possible, but she's shout out to Catherine. She's truly wonderful. Um I'm really into divisive female characters. And I think that Greek and foreign cinema takes risks that American doesn't in a pretty interesting way. And we're very riskaverse in America. And my what I love the most is risk-taking as an artist and as a producer and and scripts that make you like want to die and feel unsettled and like uncomfortable in your skin. I hear Maddie laughing back there. Just like scripts that make you feel uncomfortable and I don't think we make enough stories like that. I I love when I walk away from a film feeling like I could like throw up or scream or cry. >> When was the last time you had that experience? >> The substance. >> Yeah, I was just going to say that for me was The Substance. I honestly like I loved that script and I I felt like the ending made me feel ill and that doesn't happen almost ever. I I have such a strong stomach when it comes to that stuff and I just love stories like that. What's the point of making and it's funny cuz I'm literally making a remake right now. But what is the point of of making the same story we've seen a hundred times? And that's kind of what our production company is all about is although it's it might be really weird and it might not be everyone's cup of tea, it's certainly mine and I know it's other people's if it is mine. And uh that's definitely our sensibility and our taste is just finding cool unique filmmakers with a strong perspective who have something to say and it might make you uncomfortable and I hope it does. I think our our motto has something to do with we we live under your skin and we stay on your tongue. Something like that. >> That's awesome. What's the company name? I don't know if you guys have announced or >> We haven't announced. Okay. Yeah. I'm waiting for my trademark to go through before I say >> Okay, no worries. No worries. I >> also trademarking a company name is a disaster. It's so hard. So hard. It's so hard. Everything's taken. It's crazy. >> Yeah, it's true. Like even if it's not taken like in the US, it's like taken internationally and you have to consider like the global marketplace. >> One of the things I wanted was like Mattel has that trademark. I'm like why? Like why does Mattel have that trademark? But okay, whatever. >> Cuz dibs, you know, >> apparently just in case. >> Just in case. It's like early days of the internet and like getting dots before anybody knew they were going to be anything. Yeah. Um, is there a difference to you between Capital P producing because you've had that title on a couple of your projects and when you've been more of an executive producer? If I'm being honest with you, I do the exact same job. It's just what the the studio is comfortable with. Yeah. >> You know, for maintenance required and for Strangers, I actually capital P produced. And for the third strangers, I do have a capital P um because that was earned, but it's what the studio is comfortable with. So, especially for actor producers, which >> it's such a tough thing. It's so awkward and I understand why people hate it. I I really I really do because I I love producing and I take it so seriously and I have so much respect for producers and I I will fight my way to earn that PGA credit and and to be a capital P producer and I understand the resistance to that. >> It's challenging because I think a lot of people take it as a vanity credit and I don't know if you've spoken about this on your podcast% people will sometimes take a project with a lower paycheck if they get an EP credit. >> I don't like that personally. I understand why people do it. I won't take a producer credit unless I actually produced something probably because I I have too much pride. I don't know. Um but I it's really important to me that I am authentic in my career and that feels what's authentic to me is like actually taking the proper credit. >> Been a huge movement with like the producers united. I don't know if you've seen this going around where the dilution of the producer credit right now. You look at the credits for most things and it's like there's 25 EPs and 20 producers and >> they're everyone has a place in the ecosystem. It's not that, but there's only a few titles that exist within the producing umbrella and it dilutes it, right? To go, okay, everyone's getting this credit, but who actually did XYZ? Who who's and for me, the way I look at it is it's like if I have an issue with the LLC, if I have a union of, you know, gripe like who is the person responsible and handling that? To me, that's the lead producer. That's the person who is the adult who's responsible at the end of the day. And it does not take away from other producers and other values that they bring, right? Especially on the independent side, it's like, well, yeah, you brought the financing or you brought this piece of IP or whatever. Like, there's value to that, but should you be an equal >> like title and even in a title card with someone else who has a completely different >> um job that they've done to make that a reality. And it's it's deeply upsetting. And I think like the actors who take producer credits and it's not just actors frankly or or talent. It's also reps and it's also studios sometimes because they're the ones that are like well we don't have the money so we'll just dish this out and perhaps sometimes talent didn't even occur to them that they should or want that credit but now the studio is saying hey like we're going to give this to you anyway. >> So many times I get asked like do you want to we see you produce a lot. Do you want a producer credit on this? I'm like I didn't do any I didn't do anything for this. Why would I get a producer credit? And also like my producing filmography, it's important to me that you actually see my taste and you actually see how I've touched things. Why would I then go put my name on something as if I was producing it when I didn't? Because you're going to see the lack of fluidity there. >> That's really important to me. But it actually is like more often than not in my contract something that people offer me. >> Yeah. I mean, I get it. It's >> it's really interesting. >> It's like lowhanging fruit, but >> but it's not. >> But it that's my point. It should be so exciting. It shouldn't be low hanging fruit because people work their whole careers to work towards their title. It's almost like the nepo baby of producing in a weird way. Like actors coming in and producing. As you say that I'm like you're saying it. I'm not saying it. >> It's okay. I'll say it. You can you can clip that. Put it on TMZ. I >> put it on TMZ. We'll get it wide. But look, like I started as an actor, right? I found my way into producing similarly because I came out here in ' 06 was a very different time and I didn't want to be relegated and waiting for someone to give me permission to get where I was going. So I started producing to create opportunities for myself on the heels of like digital kind of coming on the scene and really wanted to be taking control of what I was doing and how I was getting to put myself out there. This really diminishes how hard it is to do this and to live this life. Hence why I like felt so passionate to start this show because I wanted to create space for folks to understand like the myriad of types of personalities and folks that come into this side of the industry and not everyone is welcomed but like if you're here just do the [ __ ] work. >> No, actually do the work. Actually the craziest thing for me is when I meet somebody who's like, "Yeah, I'm a producer on your movie." I'm like, "What's your name?" They're like, "Oh, so and so." I'm like, "Oh, I I was on set every day. I was in pre-pro and postpro. I was at the premier. Like, who what do you Yeah. Who what did you Who do you know? What do you What got you there? That's the craziest thing to me is when you're like in a film and you're there every day and you don't you've never heard this name before and someone's got the credit in your film, you're like, "How did this even happen?" >> Yeah. >> Like what do you do? >> I had that experience and I know that in post sometimes, especially on the indie side, you know, folks come in last minute with financing to like help close gaps. >> Get that last 200,000 over the line. >> Get you over the the line, but then I was at similarly at a premiere of a movie and I met someone they're like, "Oh my god, and this is blah blah blah." and they're a producer. And I was like, they are on the movie. >> Oh. Oh, hey. Like, >> if they're going to do that, they they have to inform us better because it's also you can't make that person feel good. It doesn't make me feel good. >> Doesn't make anyone feel good. But people, it's very like shortsighted. Um, so what would you say then being an exceptional producer means to you, >> you know? I just worked with a producer recently, and I've never seen this trait before with a producer, but uh he took ownership over everything that went wrong. I wasn't producing the film. Over everything that went wrong, even though none of it was his problem. And I think that that was my favorite trait I've ever seen in a producer. He would take no matter what the problem was, that was my bad. That shouldn't have happened. And it's like, I fully will know that was this person's bad. But a producer who really like loves the project and is is cares as much as this person did. I was like, that's a trait that I want to take on as a producer. That's really important to me. Um, outside of that, I think care. I think it's really almost entirely about care. >> Yeah. >> And detail. Detail. >> Be detail. being organized, shipping labels, you know. >> Um, I wanted to talk a little bit about social media and YouTube because you've also built a huge following over there. Um, why was that important to you to create even though you had already sort of, you know, built a following and you were on a huge network show and do you feel like it's important for other aspiring creatives to also have a presence in this way? >> Social media is a really tough tough thing for actors. I think it's it's really hard to not fall into the influencer category as an actor. There's a weird connotation with influencing and then going into acting. A lot of influencers who are famous for influencing came to LA because they wanted to be actors. There's this we're in a really weird time with social media where it's really tough to navigate that fine line. I wouldn't say I'm good at it by any means. I if I could, I would delete everything of social media, but it's created a really lovely rapport with people who like my work. So, I'm very thankful for that. But it's really tough to navigate as an artist and as somebody who who wants to be seen as a professional who cares about their job. YouTube was almost um kind of I guess born out of boredom in Vancouver >> and I edited on my own videos and I produced my own channel and I think that also helped me find autonomy in in producing and and walking into an editing room and having a little bit of the lingo about it's not even remotely the same as editing a YouTube video but you know it was like I I kind of knew what I was talking about. Can we go back a couple frames? Like I knew certain terminology. I knew 24 frames per second versus four. I I knew the terminology well enough where I could ask an editor, hey, how would I describe this to you if I wanted this without not knowing how to verbalize it at all. Right. Right. >> So, I'm very thankful for that. Um, I did it for 3 years, I think. >> And the most important thing to me was it was a time on social media where people thought you were the character you played on TV >> and I was like a bully in season one. And I just wanted to be like, "Hey, I'm not >> I'm not like that at all. I'm like I'm not mean, I promise." But people still think that. So, whatever. Uh, and then I stopped doing it, so it doesn't really matter. >> What was the decision behind that? Cuz I saw recently you deleted all your videos and now it's just like every if people who watch my YouTube videos could, they'd show up to us with a knife. >> Um, I deleted them because it was a phase of my life that I don't need out there anymore. I think the people who it resonated with got to see them and I got to I got to experience that time of my life. But I'm ready to start a new chapter. Riverdale ended and I'm in my 30s and I I just wanted to do something different and I have the ability to erase that. So, I would I think that's how people of my generation feel with like the dumb [ __ ] we used to post on Facebook, you know, and now we're like, let's just delete that. No one needs photos of us. >> Yeah. >> The club, you know? >> So, yeah. Yeah. And it's like I was in my 20s and I was documenting so much of my life and I had different partners and like on the channel and it's like I don't no one needs to I don't need to see that. It's triggering for one. >> Yeah. >> And I have all of them still like YouTube has this like back channel that's like YouTube. If I want to put them back up, I can. I have what a beautiful thing I have as my diary. I do I do see a lot of people asking me to put them back up because I mean how sweet they were like their comfort shows which I never really thought about when I deleted it but it was important to me and my who I am as a person to start a new chapter and wipe this clean. >> Yeah. More power to you girl. I love it. I want to talk a little bit about this like the negativity and criticism that an actor a a personal a person who is um public faces online. And I know that you dealt with that as you talked about when you were on Riverdale and it was really hard for you and it um created space for you to really talk about mental health. What helped you in that time become resilient to the the noise? I mean, I think people say, "Oh, you know, you haven't made it until you have haters." And I I kind of hate that because I'm like, as a uh fan, huge fan of The Samurai Turned Pretty. I thought it was really interesting because, you know, Amazon had to release a statement like, "Hey guys, these are actors. these are fictional characters. Like we love that everyone's so passionate about this world, but like let's not let's be kind, you know? And they had to start disabling comments because people were so invested and so passionate about this. And there's a lot of trolls and people that hide behind anonymity on social media and on the internet, you know, to say whatever they want to people and it's like shocking to me. So, as someone who's dealt with the version of that, I guess I'm wondering like how you've navigated and advice you would have for others who may experience the same thing. >> It's a fine line because people are passionate about something you made and they have creative discourse about it because of something that you made. What a cool thing. >> Yeah. Super cool. Right. >> So, it's really tough because if if it's about the work I'm doing and it's like, I can't believe Cheryl did that. I can't believe Tony did that. Like, that I love. It's like, yes, get into conversation, have heated debates, have passion for what I'm doing. That's the dream. When it becomes personal, when people are doxing me, threatening to kill me at appearances I have, like that's when I I don't really care if someone's bullying me online. I'm an adult and I've got people that I love around me 24/7. I don't know you and your opinion doesn't matter about you don't know and you don't know me is the most important thing. It's like knowing that you actually don't know anything about me. You have no idea how I carry myself dayto-day. You don't know what my values are, my principles, my morals. Um, so I don't really care what you think about me as a human being because you don't know me as a human being. But in terms of safety, that's been the hardest thing for me to navigate is like the death threats, the people saying they're going to shoot me at appearances, people doxing me and putting my address online all the time. Like that is is the toughest part of this job that nobody talks about. Yeah. I mean, it's like that double-edged sword, right? Cuz to be successful means you have to be visible. You have to be out there. People know your face. That's literally what makes it appealing. But the negative downside of that is that you're out there. people know your face and you know >> there are really scary people in the world. >> There's scary people in the world. Yeah. Um but yeah, I think the fact that you've used your you've turned it around, you know, you've used your platform for mental health advocacy. Um who do you look for? Who do you look to in the industry as a north star for you to stay the course as you're maturing as an as an artist? Because certainly many other folks have dealt with this, not maybe to this degree if they weren't famous in the last 20 years of social media, but yeah. Yeah. Is there anyone that you look to >> in terms of producing or just overall? >> Just overall like as a north star for you in the way that they've navigated perhaps the uh duality of being a very visible person. >> I think Margot Robbie does a really good job. I think she's a >> I think she is the person to and I don't know maybe you can you disagree with me but I think she's the the first actor that I saw publicly changed the narrative on actors being producers. Yeah. >> That really excited me as an artist and somebody who loves it as well. I definitely think um Lucky Chop is making some of the best stuff out there right now. So, I feel like she's one of the Northwest to me in terms of like career building. Other than that, I think because there's this big generational gap, the level of um accessibility that movie stars had 20 years ago is so different than what we have now >> that I can't compare because I don't know what those people were experiencing because they didn't have social media. But the people around me, Lily Reinhardt and Camila Mendes, like we really do keep each other grounded and we talk all the time. That is the biggest gift I have is people who came up with me who deal with the exact same things that I deal with, who keep all of us grounded. >> Yeah. Have you felt that? Have you dealt with any stigmas around being a young female transitioning into producing? >> Yeah. >> Yes. Um particularly with older male directors. >> Yeah. >> How do you navigate that? >> It's difficult. I I'm very blunt, but I'm kind. And I think that specifically, and I hate to generalize, but in my my my situations, my my history, it has been with um older males who aren't used to women having a space, a seat at the table. And that's been the hardest thing for me. Everybody who I've worked with who um is a little bit >> younger, I can say across the board is very excited about this. and like a young female producer coming in with an opinion who's who's got, you know, credits to back her up. Like that's exciting to a lot of younger people, but I have found it's more difficult with um with people who are a little bit more stuck in their ways. Dealing with it has been tricky. I think if there are moments where what I have to say doesn't feel like it's going to make or break the film, I will if it doesn't work well the first time, I will just eat it. Um and find a way to kind of navigate that without the discourse. But I also will stand up for myself. And I think that that doesn't get met well with certain types of people, but that's also part of producing is like fighting the fight for the film and what's best for the film and taking my filmmaker's vision over the line. And that's the most important thing to me and that's the job of the producer. So, >> um I don't have a good I don't have a good system. I think it's like the the biggest part of being a producer is being a chameleon to different personalities. So, it just depends on the person. >> Yeah. I um I always like to say that it's really seamwork. It's really no different >> because you still have a need and a mission of something to get across. And the way I'm going to talk to you as an actor is going to be different than how I'm going to speak to my DP or how I'm going to speak to my gaffer or my accountant, but it's the same information sometimes, right? So, you have to like to me that's where I think like having an acting background makes for exceptional producers because you know people, you understand character. You really are a chameleon in that way and it's not to be disingenuous. It's not that you're manipulating people. Yeah. You're reading the room and you have to know like what is the best language that's going to resonate with this person to get what I want out of this. You know, >> so much of what I've loved about producing too is having the ability and and the the comfort of other actors trusting me as a producer. What a beautiful cool thing because that was what I was always scared of like other producers may or may not. I can't do anything about that, but I will prove them wrong by being on set every single day, even if I'm not working doing my job, working as an actor. Other actors, I was like, are they going to take me seriously? Are they going to think this is a vanity credit? Like, what can I do? And the coolest part of producing so far has been having actors come to me, being like, hey, I'm having this problem with this wardrobe or the sound thing is this or can you talk to them about this or what about this line? That's the coolest thing to me is the collaboration with an actor that I've always had with producers where actors trust and and believe in me enough to do that with me. >> Yeah. I love that. How do you deal with um the brutal aspects of this industry, the ups and downs, the cyclical nature of success? Um how do you recalibrate from the blows, you know, of of it all to stay the course? >> I mean, we're in the middle of pitching. I think I know you're supposed to have a favorite child, but I do have a favorite child at my production company. There's one project that I think is just so so unique and so special and I'm so excited about, but we are not risk averse. We like to take risks at my company and I have to remind myself every day that my taste is not for everybody, but that's what's going to make my movies interesting. >> Um, but we're in the middle of pitching right now and it's it's been it's been tough because everybody's like, "It's great, but I don't think it fits into our ethos, right?" >> And I'm like, "But it could." And let me tell you how. And so a lot of it is just because there are moments where I look at it and I'm like, "Maybe this, maybe it's not good." You know, you have those thoughts where maybe it's not. Maybe it's not good and I should stop. top and then I go back and I look at it and I'm like, "No, I still get that feeling in my heart that like this is [ __ ] cool." Yeah. And this needs to be made. So I uh I usually I'm so lucky to have Katherine. I my executive we can just sit and talk about things and bounce back and forth and that usually is the way that I can find resilience in it because it is producing. I had no idea 10 years ago just how much rejection producers deal with in the same way that actors do. Every avenue of this industry, no matter where you are, deals with an insane amount of rejection. Do you find it harder than what actors deal with? >> It's just different. It's >> just different, right? >> Because acting, it's it's a whole other beast of burden where you're like, >> I have to be in love with this thing enough to bring this character to life and then walk away from this thing without knowing if I'm going to get it or not. Like there's other heartbreak there as well. It's it's just completely you can't compare. >> Yeah. Like the doors that get slammed in your face is uh brutal. The the moment has to be right. So with the the project you're talking about that you're so passionate about like >> it could just be that it's not the right moment in the market and then you have to hold space for that enthusiasm and love it for years. You're a little baby that you're like no one wants you right now but like it's crazy. It's a crazy part of the job but it's it's honestly I love it. I took the Strangers trilogy which shot all at once crossboarded. Let's talk about that. I took that because because it was a challenge. That's who I am as a person. And I'm like, "Okay, shooting three movies at one time, having to track where my characters at any given moment, what a challenge. I can't not do that. That is my personality." I'm also taking that that as your personality just from the look on your face when we're talking. >> I get very excited by you saying that cuz I like >> that's that's what it's all about, you know? >> 100%. Like if you if if you have that >> if you have that gusto within you as as a as an artist in the creative field, I you can never really fail. I feel like the metaphor I've had for producers, most of the producers I know, it's like if you gave any of them a parachute and they just landed anywhere in the world, they would figure [ __ ] out. >> I love that. That's true. >> Literally anything. Like if you told them you need to figure it's like a reality show like you're going to be parachuted into a place that we should with limited resources and you have to figure out >> how to do X. Like they're going to figure it out. And I think that feeling of like something that feels inherently impossible and then by the end of the day or the week you're like and we made it possible, right? It's so like addictive >> because you're like >> even when you make a crazy day, right? Like one of my favorite parts of producing is scheduling because my brain works like that. And when you know you've got a behemoth of a day, you've got eight pages you've got to shoot and you've got a company move in the middle of the day that you know is going to take an hour and a half and you've got crew lunch which is 30 minutes but that's after last man. Like there's so many things you got to think about, but you're at the same time you're like when you get that day and you don't go overtime. >> It's like and you know you got all the shots the filmmaker wanted and and the performances were good. You're like this is the most gratifying thing ever. >> And it's quantifiable. I think that's what's different with other parts of the creative process. Like you can see it, you can touch it. It's tactile. You walk away with a hard drive. You're like, "We get it. We did it. We got it." >> As an actor, you're like, "Leave it all on set and walk away. Don't think about it again." >> Yeah. Like even your wardrobe, right? You literally like disappear back into your vehicle, into your own sort of like life. But when you're in it as a producer, I say you're always plugged into the matrix. Like you don't get to really, for better or for worse, uh, you know, untether until the project is sort of done. And >> the best producers don't sleep when they're on a project. >> It's rough. It's rough. It's not great for like a lifestyle and like a work life balance. Um, it's really really hard for sure in that aspect of it. And finding the balance so that you can withstand and do this work for years is also part of the challenge. But what was the main reason that they that Lionsgate wanted to shoot the films back toback like that in a trilogy? Was it scheduling? Was it just what made the most sense for the creative? I believe it was because the all three films take place over like a handful of days, three to four days. And when you watch >> it was actually quite smart and I'm very thankful looking back on it now as an actor and as a producer uh for so many reasons. One, it was you're not flying people 100 times there. >> You know what I mean? It's way smarter for money. Slovakian tax credit is insane. The crew was all there. we were all locked in and there's never more excitement and nerves and passion for a project than when you first do it. So going back a second time is like, >> "Okay, this is in my contract. I have to go do a second one. My god, okay, this one did well. You got to go do a third one." I've never been like that. But that can be the the general, you know, consensus within a a production. So, I mean, that was wonderful and I'm very thankful we did it like that. The money part obviously was great, but ultimately I think it was because they didn't want things to change. I mean it's it's over like a four or five day period all three movies. And if we would have gone back and and shot two and then three, it would have been two years later for two, three years later for three. We knew exactly what the story was that we wanted to tell from the beginning. We had the scripts done. >> Why not just do it? We also made >> three. The first one we just made to get to two and three. It was just a launchpad, like a foundation to remake the original 2008 version to get to the story I wanted to tell for two and three, which is like a wild crazy version of Strangers You've never seen before. And also, we got to do it for, you know, I'd say probably half as much money as if we would have done it in increments like you usually would. Yeah. Was way more cost effective. >> Yeah. No, for sure. And that is the name of the game these days. >> Um, were you a fan of the original and how was your like relationship to horror in general before this? I love horror. I watched every single horror from my local blockbuster when I was a kid. Really love it. I think it's again, I know I keep talking about risk, but it's like the one genre where we are not afraid to take risks and genre bend and world build and create rules that you have to follow to watch the film. Uh, and I think you can do that with other genres, but I just don't see that happening a lot in commercial cinema. >> Uh, which is why I love producing the stuff that we find and that Catherine finds. The 2008 Strangers was my actual favorite horror film of all time. >> Really? >> Yeah. And I And actually there I'm so happy that I had a YouTube channel because there is a clip of me talking about how much I love it long before I was in the project because I think people think now how she's saying that she's promoting her film. It's like no genuinely I was like if anyone's going to remake this movie it has to be me because I love this movie so much. >> What did you love about it? >> It's rawness. >> It's it really feels like there are just real people there who don't who don't care. They're just killing because they want to. Yeah. >> That's the scariest thing in the world. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. And I don't think there's any other like horror antagonists that operate from that place. >> Just that place of devoid of humanity, right? That's like >> because we want to. >> So, you're being chased in this movie and tortured by three mass figures, but you also produced. Which was harder? Being chased by mass figures who want to killing this movie? Honestly. Honestly, I don't think I've ever when I talk about creative discourse, I've never had creative discourse like I do with Courtney Solomon, who is like my north star on these projects and we are going to make so many more movies together. We were two incredibly passionate and incredibly argumentative people. I know that. So, I mean, there was one night, and I tell this story all the time, where we could not crack the scene in the movie, too, where I've just gone through all of this stuff as the character, and I walk right back into a place where there's a lot of trauma for me. And I was like, "No, I'm telling you, she has to walk back into the scene from movie one." And then we're going to we need to do a light change on her face from the the warm yellow light of movie one to this kind of cold daylight of movie two. We'll see her calming herself down from her anxiety. We'll pull back. we'll see she's in an empty room and we can carry on because they want her to have this big panic attack in the script and I was like this is the only way to transition out of that otherwise you have to go to a different scene. I said that at the beginning of a conversation five hours later he pitched it back to me after I mean we'd also done a 16- hour day on set and then we were like up for 5 hours on the phone afterwards. Um and that was like every day honestly we because we cared so much about it that >> yeah ultimately we got to the place that we started with but we had to we had to explore every other avenue. That's such a big part of producing is exploring every other avenue to make sure this is the best avenue for >> every single minute detail. >> Yeah, I love that. Well, I mean the film comes out, second part comes out. How are you feeling about the second part? Like >> the premiere was last night. I don't know if you can hear my voice is like half gone right now. >> No, you sound like very vibrant and lovely. Like not at all like you were >> I feel like a zombie. My feet are swollen. Um the second part I really love. Again, I I keep saying you shouldn't pick a favorite child, but clearly I do that all the time. Uh, the second part is my favorite of the two films that have come out so far. >> It's >> it's I don't know if you care about Swing on here, but it's like [ __ ] batshit. It's a crazy crazy movie. And it was such a fun like insulated production in Slovakia where I think one part I one thing I really love about my job is like falling in love with cities that I shoot in because I really do have this like beautiful like connection with everywhere that we shoot and I have such a big place in my heart for Slovakia because it was like what was keeping me alive during shooting is like my little matcha placed on the street where he like knew my name and my matcha order. There's something about like location productions that are so special and insulated. Um, but the second one's I'm really proud of. I'm really proud of the work we did on set and in the editing room. >> Yeah. And you also have maintenance required that's coming out that you also got to produce further from the strangers by very different. Um, zero blooded maintenance required. >> It it was giving sort of like you've got mail for the digital age vibes. >> What? So, romcom, was that a genre you were like, "All right, I want to really diversify myself and and kind of get to play in all the sandboxes and not be relegated to certain things or how did this project come to you?" >> I always say that I think actors are like pieces of clay that just want to be molded into something else and that we want to we want to be different all the time. And I think the the biggest burden of being an actor is being pigeonholed into one thing that you've done, right? So, I want to do everything. I think probably every artist feels that way. Variety is the spice of life. So I was like, "Yeah, I just said the strangers, let me go do this romcom. This sounds great." And I also have this weird affinity to projects where I get to learn a new skill. And they were like, "We could put you in mechanic training." And I was like, "Oh, absolutely. Like, let me go work on cars for 4 months before we shoot this movie." So, I got to pick up a new skill. And that also helps me get more into the character shoes in a way that I I feel really lucky to have. And >> um the creative team behind it was strong. I love Amazon romcoms. I think they're so much fun and they found a really cool formula for them. And uh I love the studio. They're so wonderful to work with. When I talking about championing a young female producer, like Amazon is amazing. So is Lance. I've gotten so lucky with the studios I've worked with so far um in that category. But it uh it was really fun and different and there was no blood and I didn't have to sweat. You know what I mean? Like they were like, "No, you need to look pretty in this." I'm like, "Oh, what? >> I just get to be pretty. >> I just get to be pretty and like fix cars and like make jokes." And it was also fun because there's so much room for improv movies like that because everyone was so talented. So you could like actually play on set whereas I'm alone in movie two of the strangers. Like I don't We watched it last night and I was like I don't say more than maybe a page of dialogue in the whole movie. >> There's like almost no words in the entire film. It couldn't be more different. >> Yeah, it's very different. A great challenge certainly is for actor. >> They were not shot the sweetness required was last year and Strangers was 2021 to be fair. Right. Right. >> They're shot quite far apart but >> it was such a fun ride. >> What are some of the highlights of exe executive producing maintenance required? Some of your takeaways. I um I had a really fun producing partner, Matt Williams, on that project who I think some of my favorite moments were like Kiki's every morning we could come to my trailer and we talk about the plan for the day and how we were going to attack it and what we needed to do to do that and what the changeovers were for every person so we could make the day you know what how could we pro like what could we do to maximize the day and he again I'm so lucky these people that I've worked with so far have really leaned on me and my certain expertise in creative production and scheduling which is like a thing that my brain does really well. Um, I there was one day that we we shut down because of like the craziest winds leads has ever seen cuz we shot it in the UK and it was cool to be like brought into the room for scheduling with our first AD and Matt Williams where we like, okay, how do we you have to leave on this day. How do we accomplish all of this before then and they literally cut out all the strips and I was there making the schedule with them and moments like that I was like this is so cool that I'm trusted by these people who have made so many films and yet like my voice is being heard and championed in this room. So, as a producer, I'd say that was probably the highlight. And then as an actor, my co-stars were so talented in that movie, and I got to play off of them so much that I'd say every scene with the girls and with Jacob was a highlight. It was really such a fun film to shoot, and it was so different for me and so creatively fulfilling in a different way. I really love that character, Charlie. She's really special. And I like that we're flipping the trope on its head of usually, I think, you see a man not want a relationship and the women try to like change his mind. And in this it's Charlie who's like so stuck in her ways. She doesn't she doesn't want a relationship and B kind of comes in and takes her by surprise. And I think that's nice to see that flipped on its head. >> Yeah. >> It's touching on on something that I think audiences are really clamoring for romance always of course but like seeing women who can have autonomy and agency over romance is what I take away from it. Right. like and I think the summer I turned pretty plays in that arena in a similar way because you know on the other side of our industry it's always like it's so hard to get things made and it's got to be undeniable. So when things do get made that cut through it's a miracle right and so it's like oh and to have something that gets made that has a fresh perspective like in a sea of so much content that anyone can choose to watch I just think it's exciting that you know >> I agree if I if I never hear the term likable female protagonist again in my entire life I'll be happy. Yeah, >> that's what I think I hear them. And if you can't tell, I love a divisive female. >> Not likable at all. >> Well, it's like more just like maybe you like her, maybe you don't. That's not what the movie is about, right? Like not everyone likes me, not everyone likes you, although they should. You're wonderful. But like that's just not how life works. So why are we worried about our female characters being likable? Not to make this about like all men are crazy, but I remember once heard someone be like, "Is that a likable male protagonist >> in a pitch? Have you ever really a likable male protagonist if you think about it?" Because they are complex. They are human. Hey, that's what I'm talking about. Like when I use the word divisive, it's not even really divisive. Sometimes it is, but it's mostly like complexity and like and confrontation to like questioning things and and having an opinion is what I'm talking >> given the permission to be the full breath of your humanity. That's what it is. And I think we know I mean >> that's divisive to some people. >> That's divisive because women have been relegated or people have been relegated to the stereotypes, the gendered stereotypes of what it means to fit into this. >> It really follows that a lot. And I think to your point of things not being made right now, it's such a weird time and I I really got my like producing gloves on the last two years, so I can't imagine what it was like historically, but it's such a weird time to get things made. I really don't think anyone knows what's working. And that's why I'm like then we should just be taking risk after risk after risk because that is what filmm is all about. >> But instead, it does feel like we are leaning towards more like, well, we know that this worked. Like whenever you see the studio mandate, you're like, we want the next X. We want the next Stranger Things. you want the next and it's like that's not what people liked about Stranger Things. It was completely the first time you'd ever seen anything like that. >> Right. When you empower creatives, when you take risks, when you give filmmakers true autonomy to tell their stories, that's where you get something groundbreaking, that's where you get films like Get Out or Sinners or things that are so creative that then become we want to find our next sinners. We want to find our next this, right? But it takes someone taking that risk. Nobody wants the next >> and nobody wants to take the risk is the thing >> that Yes. But also nobody wants the next sinners. want the next new cool different thing. Yeah. I don't want a carbon copy of this. >> A lot of people are going to try to find that film. >> That movie was a perfect film. Exactly. Don't go make that again. >> They're going to try to find more vampire movies. Like it's going >> movies. Look at me. I'm obviously a vampire. I can't even go in the sun. I'm going to like I'm going to crim outside. I'm going to die. I'm um No. I love vampire movies, but I think we have to stop like trying to fit everything into a box. Like the best art >> to me doesn't fit in a box. There's a comp for my film. >> That's right. >> When people are like, "What are the comps?" You're like, I don't there's no comps. That's why you should make it because it's not like anything you've ever seen before. It's different. I can comp it for you. There's be 15 different movies in the comp because it's like it's the it's the female characters from this. It's the world of this. It's the this. It's just I think that's the really cool thing about I mean Amazon and Lionsgate both have like taken my hand creatively and like looked me in the eye like heads of these studios and been like what do you want to make? And I think I'm very lucky because that comes from the platform I've built for Riverdale. But to be believed in in such a major way by these large studios and asking me what my taste profile is, what do I like? What do I like to watch in listening to me? >> I was on my red carpet last night for the strangers and >> the head of Lionsgate, the two heads of Lionsgate pulled me aside to ask me like what I wanted to do next and they were looking me. We love that idea. Would you come and pitch me this? We That's so rare to have people like that really championing you. And I really feel very lucky and I know that that comes from my platform. But um yeah, I think that >> from the platform you've built. I mean certainly that is a huge aspect of it right at a time where everyone's like searching for eyeballs and how do you reach audiences like if you're tapped into a community in the way that you are it makes it a no-brainer but I think I applaud the fact that you've taken the responsibility of being a producer of being a thought leader um in this space and guiding a new generation of storytellers and filmmakers. Um and you've made that like front and center in your life in a way that these executives are noticing. So they're it's it's a two-way conversation. And it's saying, "No, here's like a young producer who has point of view and has something to say. Let and has a reach. Of course, that's important, but like let's empower them because it's it's all about that apprenticeship. It's like otherwise what are we doing all this all for? Who's coming up underneath others, even you, that's going to take and continue the fight of telling these kinds of stories that are really important and outside the system?" So, yeah. So, I applaud you and all of that, I guess, and I'm, you know, excited for where you go next. This is an open door. You're welcome to come back anytime as you, you know, continue to grow in your career. >> If my filmography reflects my taste a little bit more, I'll come back and we can come back. >> Come back. Yeah, we'll do a like five years later. Where's she at? You know, I mean, there's so many people that have off brand deal. >> Smear off or or anyone else. We're open. >> We're going to Post-it brand deal, a flower brand deal, mug brand deal. We need I need help. Look at this. That's why we need like >> No. What? I think this is my favorite candle. >> Well, we're going to move on to the martini rounds. >> Yay. >> So, thank you so much for being here. It's been such a lovely treat talking to you and being here in this moment of like where you are in your career. The show is all about capturing the moment. It's like a little time capsule. So, I'm really honored to be here. It's It's cool to be uh taken seriously as a producer. I appreciate that. >> Yeah. No, absolutely. [Music] >> Okay. So, first question. What's a song that teleports you to a happy place? >> Oh. Oh. Um M83. Uh, Midnight City, >> like Windows Down in the middle of the night. That song can put a smile on my face anytime. Or We Are the People by Empire of the Sun. >> Both are great, great options. >> Who is your favorite scream queen of horror? >> I think Ripley Alien. >> Yeah, >> probably a Scour Weaver. >> How well do you know your way around a car engine now post? >> Pretty well. I can definitely I can definitely fix your brake pads. Okay, >> that was my favorite thing to do on set was fix brake pads. It's really fun. So random. I can change a tire easy. I can take apart a carburetor, fix it, and put it back together. And uh those are kind of like the main things I did, but I know I know a good amount. I could definitely fix a car for most like traditional issues. >> This is great. If we were a talk show with a higher budget, this is where we would cut to a segment of you fixing my car >> next time. >> Next time. I love it. Okay. Five years from now. Okay. So, you've mentioned that you pick up a new book every place you travel. You love reading. What's something you've read recently that you've loved? >> Okay, so this is really weird, but I'm doing this thing called Myrtle. >> I don't know >> because I'm I'm on I'm on press tour and I'm trying to like make sure I use my brain because if I don't I'm talking so much every day. I'm going to start and I am slurring my words in these interviews by the way. Like so Myrtle is um and I'm making my team do it with me. You every page is a different murder that you have to solve and there's like it's almost like clue. There's like a weapon, a place, and there's three suspects and they give you clues and you have to put it together. So that's the book of choice on my press tour. Makes sense. So, you did your own makeup for five years on Riverdale. Is that true? >> Seven. Yeah. >> Seven years. Okay. What's a technique everyone should know? >> That's a great question. I think I think finding things that work for your skin because what works for me is not going to work for you. It's not going to work for anyone else. >> I um play around, have fun. Also, it changes so frequently what is good makeup right now that what I did on Riverdale I would never do now. It's really crazy. Uh, I also love a lash lift. I started getting lash lifts. I don't know. Allegedly, they make your eyelashes fall out. I'm hoping that's not true, but I do love it. Like, no mascara and this is what they look like. Like, let's go. Stunning. It's easy. >> Yeah. I love to do a punch in for the eyelashes. >> Yeah. Can you punch on my lashes? >> Punch on her lashes, please. It's stunning. Um, okay. What is a word or expression in Africans that you love to use? >> I don't really know a lot of Africans. The only one I know my uncle taught me and it's means go [ __ ] in the corn. And apparently that was like a really [ __ ] up thing to say as a kid. And I used to say it to my parents all the time and they would get and they would get so mad at me. >> Okay. Okay. Lastly, so you've been learning pole dancing as a part for a new role that you're working on in the upcoming film Pretty Babies. >> This is also where we would cut to a segment of you and I um pulling pole dancing cuz I did basic pole. It's so hard. We do have a pole dancing is so hard. Can we talk about it? Like I did >> a very entrylevel class post having my son cuz I was like I want to get back in my body. And I was like, this [ __ ] is Olympic level hard. >> I was bruised >> to no extent. >> If you had seen me 2 weeks ago, I was covered in bruises to the point where it's like, I probably shouldn't go outside. I look like this does not look okay. I also had them like here because your body your skin gets stuck in the pole and then you're sliding down when you go really high up. So, I mean, I have so much respect for strippers. I'm like I I started going to strip clubs in a whole new way after I started this movie because I'm like in awe of what they're capable of doing. It's and it's so circus. I mean, it's truly >> it's literally circles away. It's so impressive. Um, I'm so thankful I got to do that and and I was able to learn. I did dance for 16 years, so it was it kind of came weirdly naturally to me. And the movie wrapped uh three weeks ago and I'm still doing it. I love it so much. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> What would you say is the best skill you've had to learn for a character then? >> Honestly, >> which was the actual question. >> Probably honestly probably pull dancing. I mean, mechanic is probably the most useful. Although pull dancing can be useful. You never know if I need to uh make a quick buck if I get trapped somewhere. >> We don't know what the future is. >> Maybe I get kidnapped and I need to dance my way out of there. I don't know. On the Strangers chapter 4, I'm I'm going to pull dance my way out of there. That's Yeah. Uh probably pole dancing just cuz it's the most fun. It's really liberating as a as a woman to to feel like empowered in your body in that way and take charge of your sexuality in a way like that. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> You would like pull dance and then get off the pole with your little heels and then just go change like brake pads. You know what I mean? >> Yeah. Oh, I love that. That's That's going to be in the maintenance required pretty baby spin-off. Pretty required or maintenance babies. >> Not sure which one. >> Well, thank you so much. This has been so fun. I really appreciate it. >> Awesome.
