# madelaine-petsch-call-her-daddy-2025
video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PzuqLc5SbA

What is up, Daddy gang? It is your founding father, Alex Cooper, with Call Her Daddy. Madelaine Petsch, welcome to Call Her Daddy. Hi. You look so gorge. >> Thank you, so do you. >> How did you pick this outfit today? >> Well, I thought if I'm going on Call Her Daddy, I want Alex to call me Daddy. So, I'm going to have my titties out for you. >> No, no. It's it's perfection. I feel like you have had literally the craziest year. You've been on an insane filming schedule. Do you have any time off, or are you getting back into something? >> like the worst time to ask me this question. I had one day off for the next 2 months, and they just put something on it. So, I'm I'm feeling a little overwhelmed currently. I'm somebody who like this is the thing about my job that I was not made for me, is I don't do well with change in my schedule, and it changes constantly. >> Wait, you literally being an actress, and you're like, "I don't like change." I'm like, "Literally every five [ __ ] months, you're like, new project, new project." >> with, but I was just shooting a movie in Tulsa, which I adored, and they kept changing and adding days, and I was like, "My brain can't function like this." >> you need a full set schedule. I read in an interview you did that you said you basically have like a very, very hard time ever relaxing. Like you're not someone that can relax. Have you gotten better? I have actually. The pandemic honestly like weirdly forced me to find stillness and be okay with it, cuz I couldn't work. I was stuck in my house, and I was like, "I have to find a way to to manage this." I did actually, by the way, get my brain scanned during the pandemic, because I was so anxious all the time that I was like, "There's something genuinely wrong with me." That's how bad I am with stillness. And then I was like, "Okay, no. This is actually I'm actually just a crazy person, cuz I'm fine." Meanwhile, he's like, "It looks gorgeous." You're like, "Everything looks great. Like there's a gremlin living in my head. You don't see it?" >> Okay, but to be fair, I feel like so many of us during the pandemic were like that, where you were like, "There is something wrong with me." >> Yeah. Okay, October is coming up. Ugh. I feel like you, Cammie, and Lilly have been known in the past to do these really, really good Halloween costumes. Are you going to do anything this year? I don't think we are. I'm so sorry. I try every year. I want to let you know, I am the one who rallies everybody. I'm the one in the group chat who's like, "Okay, it's August. What are we doing? What's the plan?" And this year, I think we are all filming in different places, and there's just no I even said, "What if we just do a photo shoot?" But we're all so busy. Like it's not even possible. >> Wait, how do you feel though about so many celebrities doing that? Where half the time they don't even go to the party in the costume, they just do the photo shoot and put it on Instagram. How do we feel? I don't even care, honestly, cuz I don't even like the party. I like the dressing up, but I don't even want to go. >> It's actually true. Like being a girl is like loving the getting ready process, and then you get to the party and you're literally like, "Can we go home and eat pizza and like hang out?" >> days. Like I'm so excited for press days, and then after glam's over, I'm like, "Wait, I still have to go do stuff?" >> Right. You just want to like look cute, and then you're like, "Wait, I now actually just want to like sit here, take some selfies, and then wash it all off, and get in bed, and watch a movie." Actually fair. Okay, so no Halloween this year, but you will you do something for a costume? >> I can't not do something for Halloween. But also, I am so excited, Alex. Six Flags is doing a Stranger's maze, and they have little mes running around in there. And when I tell you, top 10 most important things to my entire life existence is having a haunted house with me running around in it that I can go and attend. Life is made. >> Woo. >> die happy. >> Wait, wait, wait. Little yous? >> Little mes. Like mes. People with little wigs on running around as if they're me, Maya, in the Stranger's. A dream. Are you going to go? >> Absolutely. I go on the 11th. >> I am like such a scaredy cat. So like I would probably be like, "I want to go." And then I'd be so [ __ ] scared. I feel like you're going to thrive. >> You don't go to Universal Horror Nights or anything? I just get really scared. I'm such a [ __ ] >> fun. Are you crazy? I'm such a [ __ ] >> September 1st, I'm like, I have my fireplace on. >> No, Madeline, I was like >> Okay, yes to that. But me, I literally was like I was getting scared of Halloweentown. Like I would get scared of like the the guy What? Calabar? You're scared of Calabar running around? Actually, yes. When he was like, "Yeah." No, honestly, he was a little scary. But that also came out when we were young, let's be honest. Um, we're going to play a little quick game. Okay. It's called firsts and worsts. I'm going to give you a scenario and you're going to tell me the story behind it. Okay? What was the worst fashion phase that you ever went through in your life? Oh. Oh my god, I had like a full scene kid phase. Okay, talk to me about it. >> have gauge holes in my ears that I have to like wear stickers in the back of my ears to wear earrings. I had double zero gauges. Wait, what are double zero gauges? Like >> It's like a I don't even know what the sizing is, but my brother was gauging his ears and he didn't want to go too big and so he did it on me first, I'm the younger sister, to see what the size would look like. Now he has massive ear holes. I love how he's like, "Hold on, come over here." Boom. >> he was like you have to put Vaseline in and you have to like stretch it. It's such a crazy process. I did it when I was in like seventh grade. That would be the worst, I think. Yeah, I like thought I was like in my like scene emo phase. I never had gauges, but I did have um, the like the colored skinny jeans. So horrid. >> That was a rite of passage, though. I honestly think. I look back at pictures of when you're like Thank god I deleted my MySpace, all of that stuff like long before I became an adult. >> you have to. >> I don't even have those photos and I want them to be dead forever. >> of yourself that you put out there willingly and then you're like, "Why? Why did I do this to myself?" The side bang. No. The way that I bought like thinning shears and thinned my own hair so I had like very thin hair. I was like, "Why did I do that?" And now we all want thick hair. Horrible. >> Okay, what is the story of your first kiss? My first kiss. Oh. Honestly, I have a really weirdly terrible memory when it comes to my personal life. Maybe that's childhood trauma, but the one that I think of is my brother specifically said like there's this one guy who goes to the school that I hate more than anybody and you cannot talk to him at this game. And I was like, "You got it. Love you so much." And then I saw him and I was like, "Ah, he's kind of hot." What do I do? And then I'm pretty sure he became my boy my first boyfriend for like 6 months and my mom would like drive us around in our minivan. I think I kissed him in the back of the minivan while my mom was driving. This is so telling of like who you are. Like I needed this information. I'm like, wait a second. >> my brother's like villain as a child. You know what? We would have been best [ __ ] friends. >> Hell yeah. Because I'm a natural redhead. What? >> Yes. Wait, you didn't know? Oh my god. >> What? Yes. >> Why are you blonde? How dare you? I know. It was like I I know. I know. Okay, but you look way better. There's no way. I actually think you look so cute with red hair. >> no, no. Maybe now that I've like grown into my face, but not back then. But I was always like wanting to hook up with my brother's friends and like they didn't really want to hook up with me. >> What about enemies? Brother's enemies? That See, that's what I'm getting to. I did hook up with one of his enemies and he became my first boyfriend. >> literally the same person. Shout out, you know who you are. Like it was and I loved it and I was like wait. >> I know. Well, I think I know where he is, but um that doesn't matter. The problem was though that like my brother got so upset with me, but it only made me want to love this kid more. My brother didn't get mad at all. He's the best. He was like, I mean, if you like him, like all good. >> god, wait. You had such a better experience with your brother. My brother came in and would like throw [ __ ] in my room and be like, you have to stop seeing him and I was like, honestly, the day that you get bored of me seeing him, I'll probably dump him, but the fact that you're enraged yeah. Honestly, it was a CW show, okay? It was like One Tree Hill. Um okay, next. What was the most random job that you worked before your big break as an actress? Cuz I know you had a couple jobs. I had a lot. I was a window salesman. Like talk to me about that. So, um I was on Craigslist and I was like, what's the highest paying job I can find? And by the way, I was getting jobs on Craigslist. I absolutely could have been murdered. I was such an idiot when I moved here. >> And it was in Redondo Beach and they were like, you go door to door and you sell windows to people. And I was like, bet. So, I went and it wasn't working and so I started waiting outside the houses till the wives would leave. And then I'd go to the door and and like make myself cry and get the husbands to buy windows. And then they'd turn I had a really high return rate was the problem because they didn't actually want the windows. They were trying to get the girl who's crying on the doorstep to leave. What a fascinating sales tactic. It was interesting. I don't think it was beneficial to anybody. >> at picturing you coming up with like a reason these people need to buy [ __ ] windows. >> And crying. Okay, but you were savvy. I was doing my best. But what I what I had to do. You were doing your best. Yeah. Okay, what was the your first like big big purchase once you got your paycheck from Riverdale? You know, I actually every season that we got picked up I bought myself a new Cartier ring. So I have like I have seven Cartier rings for the seven seasons of the show that I literally never wear. Yeah, we I was like I don't wear them, but I I have them and I like looking at them. >> They're somewhere. Wait, do you ever wear them? Yeah, sometimes. Actually think I may have lost one which was a real it was a real bummer in a move. Okay, what was the worst Riverdale plot line you ever had to act out? Where do I begin? >> Okay. Give me Give me a strong one. Okay. Um Okay. So it's like there's so many going through my head I can't decide. Um I had to act with my brother's dead corpse in a wheelchair for an entire season. Mind you, he died 4 years prior. His corpse should have absolutely rotted. But I was like basically losing my mind and speaking to a corpse for an entire season. I would wake up and be like, "JJ, do you want your tea?" See, I like definitely like watched the first couple seasons and then when it was getting really crazy I was like >> Probably around that time. >> Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's probably actually yeah, that's exactly >> Actually, can I can I change that answer? My actual answer is this is my This is my Roman Empire, okay? When I became a witch on that show Roberto Is this my camera? Roberto, when I became a witch on that show there was one thing I told you I said I never want to see lasers coming out of my hands, okay? What did he do in the season finale of season 6? I'm like Scarlet witching up in the air singing and crying with with lasers shooting out of my hands out of comet. Out of comet that ends up wiping out all of Riverdale, which is why we're in the 50s in season 7. Hey, what? That'll do it. And just you had the visual of like I really don't want this to be me. >> No, and actually think I might have given him the idea is the problem. I think I said like just please no lasers. Like I'll do anything witchy, it's fine, but no lasers and then he was like finale >> She said I she wanted lasers out of her hands. And you're like, god damn it. That's going to literally follow me for the rest of my life. >> Oh my I see it every day. The meme of me like crying and screaming and like I just Okay, but people loved it. It's look, it was fun. It was always always a good time for me on set. Daddy gang, it is time to stop wearing the same pair of stretched out busted leggings from 5 years ago. We deserve an upgrade, okay? So here you go. I know that these Rhoback leggings are going to officially become your favorite go-to leggings. Rhoback just launched their new Vista collection, which I know is going to become your go-to favorite. They are a classic style, so they work with literally everything. They're also soft, high-waisted, we love, and flattering in all the ways that make you feel like you actually have your life together, even if you're crashing out on a random Tuesday, okay? And it's not just leggings in this collection. Rhoback also dropped matching bra tops and layering pieces so that you can create the perfect set. And you guys know there is nothing that I love more than a cute, comfortable, matching set. It looks like you have your life together. It's like, "Oh my god, she's a fashionista." You know what I mean. Worn together or worn separately, Rhoback's Vista collection is perfect for hitting the gym, grabbing a coffee with friends, or looking hot without trying too hard when the new guy you're talking to comes over. Daddy gang, it's time that we stop pretending that those 5-year-old leggings are still working for us and upgrade to the Rhoback Vista collection. Use the code call her daddy on rhoback.com for a generous 20% off your first order. Woo! Through the end of this week. That's spelled r h o b a c k.com. Love you. I know today you kind of want to talk about some things that you've never publicly spoken about. Why do you think you are finally ready to open up about your childhood? Um I think for a long time I struggled with the idea of is it my story to share? I mean it involved a lot of other people, my whole family. And I think I got to a place through therapy and and talking to my friends and also just I think about when I was a kid if there was somebody that I loved, just like one person saw this, if somebody somebody that I loved was talking about what they went through and it was even remotely similar to what I was going through, it would encourage me to continue. So, I think it's just kind of been an amalgamation of that and then finding the right platform and and feeling comfortable with you to to do that. Okay, let's do it. >> Okay. Let's do it, girl. Here we go. Um Okay, let's go back. Growing up, just like very beginning days, what was your family like? Honestly, they're the strangest people on the planet, but I adore them. Um my parents are South African, so they don't really they're not they don't understand American culture very well and they were raising two American children in a small town. I have a wonderful older brother and um a mom who is like Do you know people who are destined to be mothers? Like that's my mom's entire purpose on this planet. And the dad who tried his very best. And you know that he was trying his best, but as a kid I didn't really understand like the way he was behaving and treating me wasn't um wasn't because of me, if that makes sense. When you say that you guys were different because your parents were South African, where were you raised also? Washington state. >> Washington. Okay. Were you Were people outwardly like commenting on you guys? Like did you stick out like a sore thumb or was it just like in your head you felt different? I think also being a redhead and South African and being raised plant-based and without Christianity in my life, it felt like everything that were the core values of being a child, which is like looking normal, having a normal scene religion and food eating, we didn't have. And so it felt more like maybe it was all in my head, but I definitely felt like I didn't belong growing up. So talk to me growing up about your relationship with your mom and your relationship with your dad and like your early memories of those relationships forming. >> Yeah. My mom um is like the protector. My mom always was trying to uh keep the peace. Her words were peace and tranquility and so she did she did her absolute best to not let me see the trickling effects of my father's behavior. My relationship with my father was really complicated because he has behavioral issues. And he would have extreme highs and extreme lows and in the extreme highs, as a child, it's like you have the most fun dad in the world. It's like you can't you can't live and breathe without that person being around and then that person is ripped away from you and being cold to you and not responding when you tell them that you love them and and getting angry at you and lashing out for no reason and you think it's your fault as a child. Do you remember like an early core memory of like the first time you realized like maybe your dad was struggling with mental illness? When I was eight, my brother and my mother went to South Africa and my dad and I had some sort of falling out over something. I don't even know what it was and I told him I loved him. I was like crying telling him I loved him. I wanted him to tell me he loved me back and he told me he didn't love me. And he left. And so you were alone in the house? For a couple hours, not for very long. And I was just crying in bed the whole time. But I remember sitting there and being like my father doesn't love me. Like I did something very wrong. And I was calling my mom and they're on a different time zone. And that was the first time she was like, this has nothing to do with you. This is fully your dad. And that's when I really first understood that. I think it took a long time and a lot of therapy because we don't use um diagnoses in the household either. So it took a lot of therapy for me to figure out what was actually going on. How was that explained to you that like we don't use It wasn't. In fact, most of the time it was like it's PTSD because my dad was in the apartheid war or it's um it's trauma or it's just he's having a bad mood. And it's like that's actually not what's happening. He has a chemical imbalance in his brain that makes him incredibly high and incredibly low. Um and it took a lot of therapy for me to feel the validation of a diagnosis even if he has now gotten one, but even if um he never got one to understand what was actually going on. And it was frustrating because you're like why do you not want to know? It will help understand and and educate us on what's happening. So it's not his fault either. know what I mean? He's not trying to be like that. >> I also think like our parents' generation just doesn't really understand mental health. And I think it wasn't a priority whereas now as we become parents like of course it's a priority. But back then it really just felt like that wasn't even an option. So when you were dealing with difficult moments with your father, like how would your family talk about it? There's a lot of triangulation, which is something I learned in therapy, um with my mom and my brother and I kind of having little peekies in my brother's room while one of us is crying because he's done something to them. Always verbal, never anything physical um thankfully. And uh usually the issue was I became this like key to unlocking his good mood. So, when there was bad things going on in the house, I would be called to come and fix the problem. So, no matter what the issue was, if he was upset with my mother or my brother, I would be sent in to essentially disarm him emotionally. Why do you think that was? He kind of has all He just has this like I think a lot of men like their little girls the apple of their eye, and I think um I think I was apple of his eye. So, I think it allowed him to like I'd walk in and most of the time it would work, and I'd be like, "Daddy, can we Can we just have a nice night? Can we just figure it out?" And it would take him a couple of hours, but sometimes it would work, so I think they kept doing that. Which is at first, I'm sure, before you were like able to process what was happening, everyone's like, "Anything to get him to like come down and be in a better mood." >> Yeah. But then as you started to get a little bit older into like high school, were you how much was that affecting you kind of being the person that had to be almost like the parental figure in your household? Yeah, I remember one night I was out, and I won't detail what was happening at my house because it's incredibly personal, but I was out at a ballet, and I got a call saying you have to come home immediately. I had like 16 missed calls, and I had to come home and and deal with situation that was so incredibly unsafe and so disrespectful as a child to put me in. Um that I have a lot of um I had a lot of resentment towards everyone in my family for putting me in that position when they could have just gone to professionals and dealt with it properly. How did you process any of this? I didn't. In fact, it became almost like this compartmentalization where a lot of the time now we'll talk about things that happened, the three of us, my brother and my mom and I, and we'll be like, "Wait, that's not what happened." Or that didn't happen because it was just push it out of your head, don't think about it. This is just the reality. You You know anything different. So, when you look back on that time of your life, do you now have emotions that come up or is it still kind of like it's more survival mode? I I've worked through it so much in therapy. Like my first 6 years of therapy were all about my relationship with my father and my parents and my childhood to the point where now like I don't necessarily feel emotional about it. I've worked through all of that, but there are still moments where I have to put that hat on and show up in that way. Being in a situation as a child where you feel like you have to become the parent has so many repercussions obviously when you get older, but what was going on when you were kind of handling things with your father? Like what was going on with your mother in those moments? God, Alex, I don't even remember. I really don't remember. I think like Honestly, I don't think she ever asked me to do that. I think I immediately saw a place that I could try to help and I just tried to help every time I could. In like high school or anything, did you ever confront your parents? I didn't confront my parents until I moved out, but I moved out the day I could when I was 18. And I also like immersed myself in after-school activities. Like I was that's probably why I am successful honestly is because I did not want to be at home. So, I did dance from I went to an arts high school that was 45 minutes away. I did dance from 3:00 to 9:00 every single night. Afterwards went home, did homework, went to bed and then on weekends I did plays in my local theater. Like I just I never wanted to be home. So, I immersed myself in the arts and escapism and now I'm here. So, it's like would I still be in this position if I didn't have that? I don't know. I That's what I was wondering cuz I'm like all these inconsistencies at home. Like how did it affect your life socially? Like did your friends know what was going on? Yeah, for sure. Did you have any issues growing up with like could you have friends over your house? Yeah, my mom was so such a little soldier honestly because she always fought for me to have the most normal childhood she possibly could give me. So, I I I had friends over often, but the friends I was comfortable having over were friends that already knew what was going on. But, it also affected their childhood. Like, I have my childhood best friend is still one of my closest friends now, and she has horror stories about being at my parents' house. Would you and your brother lean on each other a lot, or was it tough to kind of Well, it became really awkward because it's like I'm the one that's going in to fix the situation. What is I can't even imagine We've never spoken about this, but I can't even imagine what it must have made him feel like to know that I could go and make my dad feel better. That created a really weird, unhealthy dynamic between him and I, where when I moved out, like, we weren't super close. We've become close in our adult years now, and we've worked really hard to get there. But, it it didn't We didn't have each other to lean on, really. Talk to me a little bit more about the resentment aspect, because you go through this in your childhood, your home is going through these like instability moments, you are parentified at a young age, you're throwing yourself into the arts, trying to get away. Yeah. In the moment, were you resentful, or did it take you leaving to become resentful? Honestly, the only resent that I feel is seeing now how it seemingly seems so easy for him to be normal. That's the hardest part. Because now he's actually a pretty wonderful dad. Do you think there is a chance that's because you now can have distance, and like leave and remove yourself from it? >> Absolutely. Like, if you were living in a house with him, maybe Potentially. I mean, my mom still lives with him. They're still together, and so it does seem like he's found things that work for him in that regard. Um, but to see how easy it was for him to do that was pretty It was a tough pill for me to swallow, but I'm incredibly honest with him now. I've not told him I'm going on this, and I'm I'm very curious to see how that goes, but I'm very honest with him about his behavior now, and about how it affected me as a child, and he takes it on the chin very well. This is an ad by BetterHelp. Okay, DaddyGang, let's be honest. We all have those moments where we are frantically sending a 10-minute voice note to the group chat desperately hoping someone will have the answer that will be life-changing advice for us in our worst moments. Um or worse, we've been that obnoxious person at the hair studio or nail salon dumping all the trauma onto our poor stylist or nail tech and they're like, "Okay, I like literally don't even know you." I think what we need to learn is in these moments is that not everything in our life should be crowdsourced and not everyone is going to give you the best advice, okay? Especially not the friend that always tells you to just stay positive, get through it, you'll be fine. There's a time when you need to bring in a professional and that is where BetterHelp comes in with qualified and experienced therapists. Let's talk numbers. BetterHelp has been around for over a decade. They've helped millions of people and out of 1.7 million reviews, they have a 4.9 rating. I can't say the same for my group chat. I love you guys, but yeah. And getting started is easy. All you have to do is answer a few questions and BetterHelp will match you with a therapist. If it's not a good fit, you can switch therapists at any time. No awkward breakup conversation necessary. And I know it's fall and we're getting back into routines and I can feel like our schedules are getting full, right? But you can literally join sessions at the simplest click of a button and find a time that fits into your busy schedule. Plus, you can also pause your subscription whenever you need to. With over 30,000 therapists, BetterHelp is the world's largest online therapy platform and has served over 5 million people globally. As the largest online therapy provider in the world, BetterHelp can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Find the one with BetterHelp. Our listeners get 10% off their first month at betterhelp.com/daddy. That's betterhelp.com/daddy. Okay, let's talk about therapy. You get into therapy, You've been in therapy for a couple years now. I've been with the same therapist for 9 years. I'm obsessed with her. Wait, 9 years? That's like >> 9 years. It's you are like stronger than ever cuz I can't figure out if like you need to switch therapists at a certain point after like how many years, but you're you're you feel good. >> in. It's for life. Oh, I love that for you so much. >> Um what was it that made you want to initially get into therapy 9 years ago? My relationship that I was in, my romantic relationship, was echoing very similar things that was happening with my father. It's so interesting cuz so many of my friends and I always talk about this like when you become an adult, you're like, "Oh my god, I have to get in because of this guy that I'm seeing." And little do we know >> everything. And meanwhile it has nothing to do with [ __ ] Brad or Ben or whoever the [ __ ] we're talking about. It's fully childhood [ __ ] but it ignites something in you and it brings up so much past trauma that you're like, "Wait, what is this? Why am I acting this way?" And then you sit down at a therapist's room and they're like, "Sweetie, I'm going to hold your hand when I say this. Let's put him over here. This has nothing to do with him. This is all you." And you're like, So you get into therapy. Yeah. How did you start to initially feel when you started to work through? I remember the I had a 15-minute uh I was on I was on set for Riverdale in my trailer, season 1, and I had a 15 or season 2, and I had a 15-minute call with her, and I was sobbing. In 15 minutes I was like broken down, all my makeup was off. And I I was like, "This is obviously what I need to be doing." And so Riverdale was so wonderful. They would like help me find time in my schedule to do therapy, and they were really supportive. Um but it was just through talking about it. I mean, my relationship was obviously not great if it was echoing that. So the kind of impetus was dealing with that at first for a long time. >> Yes. Um breaking yourself out of that, and then getting into the weeds with your with your childhood stuff. >> When you went back to the childhood stuff, like what did you find was hardest stuff to start to unpack with a therapist? Cuz therapists ask pretty like pointed questions or they like ask you to go places that you sometimes don't want not you don't want to go, but you're like, oh god, this memory just came up. Like I can't believe this. I think I was struggling with um understanding that he didn't not love me. I think there was still this like idea in your head when you're a kid that it's like so deeply ingrained with you that this person can't possibly care about me and love me if they're treating me this way. And I thought I'd worked through that. I thought that it was as an adult I understood that, but there was still that like little Madeline inside that was like, my daddy doesn't love me. You know, and so like working through that, it still comes up occasionally at 31, 9 years later, but I think that was the hardest the hardest thing was to really truly at a cellular level believe and understand this has nothing to do with love or how much he cares about me. It has to do with fully him and a chemical imbalance. What was it like when you started to have such success? Like what were your parents It was honestly kind of annoying. Yeah. Cuz it's like with with my dad, because he was so proud of me. And I'm like, ah, like I just want to choke you. What's wrong with you? Um no, and he and he's so proud of me and he and he's so excited. And so it then it was complicated cuz I'm also like I financially support a lot of my family as well. Um so it became it became like no one asked me to. I wanted to help. Um but it started feeling weird, you know? Like it's it's weird to have a childhood dynamic like that and then to be successful like this and then have able the ability to monetarily help. And it just becomes really messy in my head and so I had to like again compartmentalize and just figure it out. >> Well, and because Madeline, it's like you used to be this parental figure in your house. >> That's it. >> You ran away cuz you didn't want to do it anymore. >> That's it. Then you get success and you go back to that role and even though So didn't ask you, you know >> natural to me. Right. >> It's just natural to me. I just stepped back into it. I bought a house in Washington that I moved my brother into so he could get out of the house. He's still there. He loves it and he's so happy in it and it makes me so happy. But that's the kind of stuff I was doing when I got to the I bought that before I bought my own house. So there's like this caretaker role that you're constantly in. >> Yeah. But then eventually as in therapy you're like we I also have to take care of myself, not everyone around me. Um can you talk to me about like one of the biggest breakthroughs that you ever had in therapy if any? Yeah. Um not dating carbon copies of my father over and over and over again. And even if I tell I'm like this is not that. This is not that. This is so not that. This is why I always was that. It was always that. So um I have to say I feel at the place in my life now like I'm I could not be further from that which is like the biggest the biggest success of my life, honestly. That's so [ __ ] real where you're like convincing everyone you're like no no no guys this is so different. >> No I promise you it's different and also here's why. And I know I told you last week he did this thing that's exactly like the other thing I told you about but it's not that. >> It's not that. You're not seeing it. >> don't get You just don't talking to you that I'm standing on business, okay? And your friends are literally like okay call us tomorrow and then literally you're crying and you're like >> again. I'm like he did it again. >> [ __ ] [ __ ] Yeah. I feel like a lot of what you're talking about is like the steps that it took to get to this place but like getting under a little bit more emotionally Jump in. >> when you look back how did the responsibility of managing your dad's emotions your entire life ultimately impact you and your fundamental core and who you became as a human being? I remember in therapy once I said I'm happiest when I'm somebody else. I'm an actor. And I think that's how. I think like I had to really I spent a lot of my life not loving myself because I was like if the person who made me doesn't love me, how the [ __ ] am I supposed to love myself? And there are still moments where that it's not even like a a conscious thought, but it's this almost like deep-rooted layered, sewn into the fabric of who I am, um, like insecurity of like So it really is like to your point of what we were talking about earlier, taking a break and finding stillness is so important to me cuz there's moments where I can be like, I love myself and I love who I am. Even though right now I'm telling you, I'm a [ __ ] badass. I love myself more than anyone could possibly love me in the planet. I still have moments where I'm that little Madeline who's like sitting in her bed crying cuz she thinks her dad doesn't love her. I think for so many people that experienced extreme dysfunction in their childhood, there is this like want to just keep going and like keep, whether it's succeeding or whatever it be, like keep moving so you don't have to really be still and be like, >> Yeah. Hey, so like how are we feeling about the past like 20-something years of our life? >> Right. What do we feel about that? And when you do, sometimes it's really [ __ ] difficult to get into therapy because I've had friends where they were like, I have to put a pause. Like this is literally like I can't go to work. Like I am like a mess right now cuz I'm remembering things. Like I have some friends that forgot about certain memories. Like like it is a journey, but once you get over that hump, it really does bring you to a better place, Yeah. but it's not [ __ ] easy. No. You talking about the men in your life, um, talk to me about how your relationship with your father, like actually give me some examples of how it affected the type of men that you were going for. >> Um, after me and my one of my exes broke up, he came out with the same diagnosis as my father. Okay. Right. So, Okay. let's all take a break for a second on that one. >> And you in the moment didn't didn't feel like Mhm. Did I feel like that? Um I was It was my first love and it was so like all-encompassing and I was like, "This is my person." And you just I just And that's the thing is I think watching my mom be with my dad and just decide to be with him forever made me believe that love is actually just staying no matter what. Okay, let's pause and talk about that. Yeah. How many times have you And give me like some like things that have happened where you're like, "I know I should leave, but I'm in love." Um there was a moment in a relationship where I knew in my heart it was over. I stayed for a year and a half longer. I called all my friends. I was like, "I know this is it. I know it's over." I called them. I told them what happened. They were like, "Yeah, obviously it's over." I stayed for another year and a half. Because I watched my mom stay forever. And it's funny because I have friends now who are like in relationships with their their uh their parenting a child together and they're not happy and I'm like, "Trust me, take it from somebody who grew up in a household where the parents were dysfunctional, it's actually better for your child to see real love. Go out and find your real love and give them an example of what a proper relationship is meant to look like so that they don't seek that out when they're adults." >> It's a good point. It's almost like sometimes people understandably think like keeping the family together is really going to be better for everyone in the long run. And then you see people be like, "Please get a [ __ ] divorce. Like it actually will be better for all of us." And the parents are like, "What? Wait. What?" >> At the same time though, I don't know if that would have been better. My parents also own a business together. So, like I I I don't think it would have been the right thing. I think they did the right thing. But it did create a really unhealthy idea of what love was for me. I thought love was staying. How did you find yourself showing up in these dynamics? Like I know these men were acting a specific way, but what were you like in your relationships in the past? >> [ __ ] I did with my dad. There was conflict, I was immediately fixing it. To my detriment. Um, I didn't really allow like I still have a hard time allowing conflict to stew. I think when there's unease or or conflict, I get really uncomfortable for obvious reasons. And what do you do in those moments? >> Now? In the past. >> past, I would just scramble to fix it. Even if like they were the ones that [ __ ] up, you would >> I'm really lucky I haven't had many situations where someone's like actually [ __ ] up in a relationship. It's usually just like an argument or a disagreement that's gone south, but um yeah, I would always scramble to fix it. Now I stand on business. Now she's quiet. Now she just sits. And everything in you is like I'm rageful inside cuz I'm like I have to fix it, I have to fix it, I have to fix it. I'm like, it's okay. I'm just going to move my ankle and sit here and listen to you talk. And then I'm going to walk away even though I don't want to walk away. I want to stay and fix it. And we'll talk about it tomorrow. That's okay. But when you get in that cycle, it's harder to break than to just keep doing it. >> Yeah. Okay, so now talk to me about where you're at now through therapy of in the past you are going through these moments where you're like, I'm becoming this fixer. I'm doing the same thing that I did with my dad. What are you like now? You know, I think I still have a bit of that in me, but I also think that's just part of my personality. So I'm trying to find the like navigate the what is me and what is like learned behavior. And that's helpful through therapy. I think um choosing partners was always tough for me. And I think now I'm really like I'm really locked into what I want and um who I am and what I deserve. In the past, what was something that would have attracted you to someone that now you would not >> Loving me. Hey, you love me? Oh my god, so cool. I love me, too. Let's do this. Like it could be that simple sometimes. Hey, are you hot and you love me? Like let's go. And you're kind of funny? I'm in. You know what I mean? Like it was were it was like I just didn't know what to look for because I didn't have something to look at. But I think like again, because there's so many women that listen to this, like that is so unfortunately normal of like so many young women have this feeling of they're not loved in their childhood. And then they have this feeling of like taking anything that feels like genuine love, but not Security. If it feels like security, Yeah. >> consistency, stability. Even though none of those things were usually true in the relationships, if it felt like security, I was in. Cuz if he's saying he loves you so much, but he also is like doing these things that are inconsistent. But he's saying he loves me. So you're going to hold on to that. Sometimes. I used to, yeah. What is your relationship like now with your father? It's complicated. Um I love that man with every fiber of my being. He is one of the smartest people on the planet. He's also like he loves gardening. And he's like he makes little salads from his garden and he loves his little greenhouse and he's just I mean he's just like this sweet sweet man. And when I'm able to step away from what happened and just look at the person in front of me, I'm like, "You're an egg. You're just this wonderful little creature." Um but it's still complicated because I still hear what's happening at home and there are occasional issues and um so I draw really firm boundaries. Um there are times where I don't talk to him for 6 months or so and I'm I'm very comfortable with that. He wishes we spoke more. I'm doing what I can. But I I love him a lot and I'm I'm very thankful for him doing the work. What is your relationship like with your mom? Best friend. Best friend in the whole world. I When I say like woman who was meant to be a mom, I mean woman who was meant to be a mom. Um I think if anything, I feel sadness for her sometimes because I she's so magnificent and so wonderful and so lovable and I would just give anything. I would give my whole right foot for my mom to feel as loved as she deserves to feel. That would be my dream. I think like it obviously can be so difficult when you become an adult to kind of replay what happened in your childhood and look at your parents and realize they're not perfect, they hurt me, I you know, I didn't have the best situation in moment. Can you talk to me about the types of conversations that you've had to have with your parents in order to move forward to where you're at now? Yeah, um I'd had a lot I was a lot of needing validation. It was a lot of needing like this actually happened, right? And this is how it went down and I did this and you said this or what happened cuz my brother said this is what happened. So which one actually happened? And it was a lot of like actually trying to piece together my childhood and also saying these things to my father and having him acknowledge that's exactly what happened. That was the most important piece to me to have a relationship now. What boundaries have you had to set in order to kind of have a healthier relationship with your father? You know, with actually both of my parents, uh they don't call me. I call them. That was really important to me. I was like, I'm tired of being the one who gets the phone calls. I will call you when I have time to talk. Oh, that's a good boundary. >> And I ended up I call my mom almost every day. And my dad I call I think we spoke on the phone like a week ago. I FaceTimed him like a week ago to say hi. Do you have any advice for people cuz I can imagine there's a lot of people watching being like okay, wait, like this is so similar to things that I've gone through. Do you have any advice for people of how to approach difficult conversations with a parent? I don't know if I'm qualified to give advice, but I will say depending on if you're still at home, if you're still at home, I think that you should probably manage those conversations very carefully to to manage your environment so you're not continuously walking on eggshells. Um, but as an adult, honesty and saying your truth. And if you need validation, go seek it out. And if they don't give it to you, cut them off. That's how I feel. If my dad wouldn't have given me validation in those moments, he wouldn't be in my life anymore. Overall in your situation, when you look back on your childhood, like is there anything you wished your family could have really done differently? I wish I would have felt like a kid. Yeah. I don't I think like now I like I do so much spiritual work. I'm incredibly spiritual. And when I when I do healing sessions with my healer, I go to Denver for like 3 days and we get really in the weeds. Every time what comes up is like, you just need to go play. Go be a kid. And the coolest thing, Alex, is that my job is playing all day long. Like what a cool thing. I'm literally a big kid all day. Like I'm sitting here on a couch with jelly beans like talking about my life, like doing whatever I want. I'm just like a little Sim now. So I am like I think I am finding a way to heal that like inner Madeleine with through my work, which is the most beautiful thing I could do. Before we started recording, you had said that um you'd mentioned there was a time in your life where you didn't think you wanted to have kids. Yeah. And now you think you do. And now I do. Um, talk to me about that shift. All my exes are going to if they hear this, they're going to be so [ __ ] pissed off. Um, cuz every every man I've ever dated is like, are we going to have kids or what? And I'm like, no, I don't want children. Um a lot of it was There's like two sides to it. One was the societal pressure of being a woman >> Okay. of like, you are here to bear children. I'm like, go [ __ ] yourself. No, I'm not. And also being a woman in Hollywood and it's like, you only have so many years before your prime is over. And if you use them on It's like, it's so much pressure that I was like, I'm just taking this off of the table for now. That was one side. The other side was much more deep-rooted and I refuse to raise a child in a dysfunctional home. I refuse to raise a child where they believe that they are not loved. I never felt like that was possible because of what I saw as a child. And then as an adult, something clicked. I want to say 8 months ago. This was like really recent. I was talking to my therapist and I was like, I mean, if I could just have consistency. Like if I could have a kid with my best friend, I would love that. And she goes, "Hey, you can." That's literally you can pick your partner. You can have a kid with your best friend. And I it like mic drop. You're like I was like, wait, what? I can? She goes, "Yeah, you can." And then it's like I just started thinking about it. I was like, how fun would it be to be able to like I I saw this Tik Tok that made me almost just lose my mind. I wish I could show it to you of this adult mom showing a video of her daughter saying, "It's crazy to see how easily I could have been loved." How easy it was to love a little me. And it's like knife to the heart, but also how cool would it be to like be able to give all the love I didn't I didn't feel and get to something little. And to like all the things that I feel all the other youths that I feel now, like to to see that through a child's eyes. Like it just feels so beautiful and so it's it was at one point the thing I wanted the least. I was like, I I don't want to carry on this bloodline. Let it end here. And now I'm like, no, I can I can change my narrative. I can rewrite history and I can decide what this looks like and I have the power to do that. >> I think that's so beautiful and I also think it should be more normalized to go through that thought process of like it's okay that you changed your mind. Oh my god, now it's so annoying. Everyone's like, "Are you sure you want them? You've been saying for years you don't." And I'm like, "Okay, what if what if you were in my situation? Would you want them?" Also, guess what? My ovaries, I can do whatever the [ __ ] I want. Right? I want them now. So, shut the [ __ ] >> [ __ ] up. Like literally. >> is crazy. >> it that I I don't get why people feel so much autonomy over women's bodies. Don't even get me started about politics, I'm not going to go there. But in general, It's insane. >> it your right to tell me that I'm I'm my time is running out? >> Or even just to judge you of like I think it's so important to acknowledge that women can change their mind and it is okay and it is none of our business. Do you have any advice for women who have felt a little bit of just like shame that they have gone back and forth of if they've wanted kids cuz I think people want you to feel shame. If you haven't known your whole life then then you're not meant to be a mom. >> Right. And it's like actually I have I have so much maternal instinct that's absolutely insane and I can't wait to put it on something and like just love something so much. Um no, I don't have any advice cuz I just I just experienced that. I don't know. Just live your truth and just [ __ ] what anybody says to you, truly. >> okay if you change your mind. You don't have to explain yourself to anyone. >> why women are so we have to explain ourselves so much. Like stop explaining yourself is actually my advice. You don't have to. You want them, say it. You don't want them, that's cool, too. You had said all of your ex-boyfriends are going to be like what the [ __ ] Talk to me about how at the time not wanting kids and being vocal about that did if anything impact your relationships. I think it's so much easier for men to say they want kids. Yeah. Like sure you do. Come inside of a woman, get them pregnant, you can leave if you want. Like it doesn't Of course you want a kid. >> Right. Like [ __ ] you. Literally. >> Let me know. I've got to grow that thing. I've got to brew it in here. Um so, every guy I've dated has been like, "Yeah, I want kids one day." and I had such a harsh policy of like, "I will not be the mother to your children." I was that crazy about it. Um I think also because I was like, "You don't tell me what I do with my body." back then and now I've like I think I spent so much of my time as a child in like living really heavily in my masculine energy to like kind of father myself that now I feel comfortable sitting more in my feminine and like really sitting and being like, "No, I want to be a mom, and I want to be soft, and I don't I want to not have to protect myself, and like have and have that support, and like feel beautiful in motherhood." And so, that was the juxtaposition for me. They're going to be pissed, but like there's that's not the reason we broke up for literally any of them. Okay, you said all of your ex-boyfriends. Um What's up? Are you single? You know I'm 31. Mhm. >> And I I had a soundbite for you on this. Um and I am in a place in my life where I've been in a I've been a public figure for 10 years. And I've tried to navigate my private and my public lives for a very long time. Not very well. And uh the reality is I know I'm on a show where I should be talking about my relationships, but like I'm not going to. >> going to. You know what? I respect you for that. You're like, "I finally figured out I need to take it behind closed doors and figure out if we're actually if we're actually good together." And then maybe one day you're all figure out. Okay, so we don't know if you're in a relationship. Okay. >> I do, but you don't. >> Okay. Oh, thanks. Okay, in this phase of life, what do you want out of a relationship? >> a good question. >> That's fair. Um consistency. I think that's one thing that I learned is really important, consistency in a partner. Uh I miss love. It's like honestly not that hard, I think, to be in a good relationship. And then, you know, it's it's communication. Uh support for my career. I I I think the hardest part is that I'm an actor, and I naturally will have to go have sex scenes and do things like that, and so trust is really important. I'm a very trustworthy person, but it's hard to trust an actor, and I understand that. Um just understanding, communication. What would you say is your best quality in a relationship? >> How much time do you have? Go. I'm a [ __ ] amazing girlfriend. Now, I am like the [ __ ] that I've done to get here, like I'm brilliant. >> You're like, put me in. You want me. You want me. I I listen and I care and I'm understanding and um I'm an incredibly good emotional communicator because of 9 years of weekly or two times a week therapy. >> That'll do it. I have a good group of friends. I I have a good job. Like I think there's I I think that I like I'm kind of the whole package. Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Tinder. Daddy gang, I know meeting someone on a first date can obviously sometimes be extremely intimidating, but going on first dates just got way more fun. Okay, because now you do not have to do it alone. Tinder's new double date feature lets you and your bestie team up, match together, and find a pair that fits both your vibes. Just tap the double date icon in the app and you'll see profiles built for two. When two pairs match, the whole crew connects and the group chat begins. Double date is a new way to keep the chat fun and is a low-pressure way to meet people. I personally am obsessed with this new feature for my friends. Honestly, I'm sad that it wasn't around when I was dating, okay? But you and your best friend can scope profiles together, be a little creep, go around, creep around, look up what they're up to, and then you can have group chats with these potential dates and keep the energy high when you're out together. Like that is a dream. If I could have brought Lauren with me when we were seeing like sussing out men, boom. And a potentially anxiety-inducing first date, I think now has been able to turn into a fun night out with your bestie and some potential new connections, okay? So whether your date turns into something serious or it's just like a fun story for you to write into Call Her Daddy about, double date is the perfect way to explore new possibilities while also keeping things familiar. So, try all the new Tinder Double Date because everything's better with friends. Explore all the possibilities. Tinder, it starts with a swipe. Download Tinder today. Call Her Daddy is brought to you by Libre by Yves Saint Laurent. Looking for a new statement fragrance? YSL's iconic Libre collection is everything you have been looking for to turn heads and feel your most confident. I feel like vanilla fragrances are all the rage right now and YSL's Libre Eau de Parfum Intense is the best one out there. If you're looking for something that is subtle, delicious, and sweet, you cannot go wrong, Daddy Gang, with Libre by Yves Saint Laurent. It truly smells so good. And of course, the original Libre Eau de Parfum never misses, either. That iconic fragrance is infused with lavender and orange blossom, and it's the most amazing warm floral for every day. Daddy Gang, I have truly never gotten more compliments in my life than when I'm wearing something from YSL's Libre collection. Listen, I may be showing up somewhere rocking a sweatsuit, but even if I don't always look completely put together, you better know I'm always smelling good, okay? I always smell put together. The scents are warm, they're cozy, and just always feel sexier when I'm wearing something that smells amazing. Matt loves the vanilla flavor, so I can't wait to wear the Libre Eau de Parfum Intense next time we have a date night. Having a good signature scent has been a mission of mine for a while now, and I have finally found it. So, if you're looking for something that is subtle, delicious, and sweet, you cannot go wrong with Libre by Yves Saint Laurent. Shop now at Sephora. Okay, we're going to play a game. I'm going to describe a guy, and you're going to say if you're in or out. >> Okay. He took you on the best first date of your life, but he's fresh out of a messy breakup. >> Out. Yeah. I don't care. I don't care. I don't If it's a great date. I don't care. Right. You're like, "Call me in 6 months." >> Also, but like, no, don't, please. No? I'm 31. Okay. How soon is too soon for someone after a breakup to be approaching you and like really pursuing you? >> It just depends on It could be the next day if it doesn't feel messy. Yes. Okay, he's super fun and social with his friends, but he's shy and reserved around yours. >> That's fine. I'm in. I think it's kind of charming. Okay. How important is it for you to have your friends be friends with the person that you're dating? I think it's important that they get along and that like my my There's a couple people in my life that are my north stars. Yeah. If they love my partner, I'm in. If they hate them, I'm literally out. Like actually out. Have been there. I have been out. >> Love. Oh, that's the best though. >> room, one of them. Perfect. >> Yeah. Okay, he's super communicative, but won't share his location with you. >> fine. Would you ever share your location with a partner? >> I have if they ask. Okay. It's like >> Whatever. Okay. What is the biggest lie that you've ever caught a man in? Um I was dating this guy. I was at work on location and uh he called me. He's like, "I just got home. Went to bed. I love you. Goodnight." It's great. I love you. Goodnight. Got a call from the guy I was dating before him. "Hey, I met your boyfriend last night at like 4:00 a.m." I'm like, "Hey, no, he was in bed. Were you in bed with him?" What? And I really trusted this guy. I was like when I'm telling you like blind trust on on only this partner cuz he was just such like he was that guy. And I was like, "You're lying. You're being crazy. No." I call him the next morning and I'm like, "Hey, so weird, but he said that he saw you." He goes, "No. No, I was at home." Okay. Call him back. I go, "You're a [ __ ] liar. He didn't see you." He goes, "No." And he starts describing this specific present that I gotten for him that he was wearing. Then like I had No one had posted It was like the There's no And I was like, "Wait a second. Hold on. Where were you?" And he goes, "Oh, he was with this very famous '80s pop star and they were like all over each other at this bar. And then I call my boyfriend and he goes, "Oh, um yeah, maybe I was there for like a second. I don't really remember." And then photos came out of them. And I was like, "Hey, what? Like, hello? Hello? Do you think I'm stupid? Do you think I'm dumb? Do you think I'm dumb?" >> No, not the photos. >> I don't even know if he did any I I'm sure he didn't cheat on me, but the lie was enough for me to be like, "I'm done." Well, no, no, no. No, a lie is like crazy. Who cares if you go to an event? Just let me know like not don't say you're going to bed. >> Hey, but like why is she all over you? Why are her arms all over you? Like, are you okay? >> are you saying you forgot? >> And you also met my ex. You think he's not going to call me and tell me that you were with some other woman? And you also took multiple pictures that night. >> Like, what? Yeah, that was crazy. It's actually the only time I've ever caught anybody in a lie. No, the worst is when photo evidence and he's like he's gaslighting you and then you literally like, "So, what's this?" And he's literally like >> get there. I was basically like the next like probably I want to say like 4:00 p.m. the next day. He was like, "Okay, yeah, I got for a second." I'm like, "For a second my ass." "For a second my ass." Wait, so did you stay with him? No. [ __ ] no. You broke up with him over that? >> Yeah, absolutely. Love that for you. Um okay, there were rumors earlier this year. Look at us having a stare off. I'm trying to read I know. What were the rumors about? I was literally just locked eyes. I was like, "There were rumors." The all the lights dim. There were rumors that you were dating a certain rapper. Oh, that's interesting. I haven't heard those. What, uh What was going on there? I don't know what you're talking about. >> You don't know. No. I don't know either. Who are they? >> myself, so I don't know what you're talking >> even know. Okay. What are you talking about? Madeline, I'm going to I literally don't know what you're talking about. >> We're pivoting. Pivot. >> Um obviously your friendships on Riverdale were so iconic and everyone was obsessed with you guys. What was your first impression of those women in general and like did you even have any idea that you would May I set the record straight about something on Riverdale actually? Yeah. I would love to do this on air. Please. >> Okay. Recently an article came out saying that we all [ __ ] each other on the show. I did not touch a single person on that show with a 10-ft pole. May I just repeat that one more time? I did not [ __ ] a single person on Riverdale. I never touched them. That's what happened. Thank you for coming to my TED Talk. Wait, did people think you [ __ ] the girls or people on set? >> It was just like this article that came out that was like we all [ __ ] each other all the time and I was like hey no. I did not [ __ ] any of you. I don't claim that [ __ ] at all. >> You weren't into anyone on set. >> No. I don't mix business and pleasure like that. I've never hooked up with a co-star. Do you know why though? You know what's really ironic about all this is Cole sat me down during the pilot and was like if I can give you one piece of advice Mads. Do you have a cigarette? Can I borrow one? Um He was like thanks guys. Um you can keep that in. Uh he was like don't Hey, don't hook up with any of your co-stars, okay? And so I was like okay, got it. I won't. As he is, he's like Hey, right. Cole. Right. But you know what? Honestly best advice I've ever been given was from Cole Sprouse. >> Right. He's like I'm going to give you advice that I'm not going to take myself. >> But >> 100%. But no, I never I never have and I never will. >> that's really smart. >> Yeah, thank you. Um Anyways, back to the girls. >> Oh yeah, back to the girls. >> My first impression was that I actually had known Lili because we I didn't know Madelaine either too. I'd known Lili because we did our cam reads together and she was lovely and like we I we also were like in this thing together where we both hadn't booked it so we had this like kind of hive mind and so we flew there together. We lived together season 1. Like we were so close and we never met Cami. She might have done a maybe a cam read with her but I hadn't met her. And then Cami walks in and we all This is so funny. The way we all met we were on a group chain. We're all at the sudden place in Vancouver and we're like, "Hey, let's all meet in the jacuzzi in an hour." Like What? Like why are we meeting in the jacuzzi? >> is why the rumors got out. They were all like having orgies in the hot tub. Orgies in the hot tub at the sudden place. Do not clip that. We are not having orgies at the sudden place. Um no, we all met in the hot tub and Cami walks in and she's got They're like, "We're We're like 20 21." And she's got this like little black bathing suit on and she's got this like tat under her boob and she looks all hot and I was like, "You're the coolest person ever. Like bye, you're never going to like me." Um but no, we all became best friends like immediately. The three of us were so close. It was interesting cuz the boys and the girls kind of got clicky. Like the boys all loved each other, the girls all loved each other. Um but no, it was it was like a match made in heaven really fast. Almost scarily fast. We're like, "This isn't This is going to burn out quickly." and then it just never did. I feel like obviously society tries to pit women against each other and make everyone jealous of each other cuz it's their favorite thing to do. Um how did you guys avoid jealously over like roles and screen time and who was getting more attention and the producers and all the things? We never had a problem with that. Ever. I think because we all started at the exact same place, we were able to just support. That was all it was. It was just supporting each other through the hard times, the lows. I mean being in your early 20s and booking a show like that that skyrockets to success Thank god we had each other. So it became this thing where instead of pitting each other against each other, we were leaning on each other in every second of the day. Do you think you'll ever rewatch it? No. What about when you have a daughter or a son? I'm not letting her watch that. Or him. Wait, why? You were so good. Come on. Actually no, I will. I'm just kidding. You're like, "I was really good, you're right." No, I love Cheryl. To be honest, I love her. I think it's it was eight years of my life. There's so many when I watch the episodes I'm thinking about what was happening behind the scenes. Like, honestly, maybe I will rewatch it one day. I watched the pilot the other day and started sobbing. Stop. >> Because I was like >> Alone. the show could have been so good. Like, I watched the pilot and I was like, this is what it could have been. You're like, so close. >> Ah, we were so close. But, I'm also so thankful for it. Like, it's exactly it's why I'm where I am right now. I met the friends I have. I love Cheryl Blossom more than anyone could ever love a character in my life. She was the most fun psychotic crazy woman of the planet Earth. Um, and always a wild ride and always a challenge. So, I can't complain. I think watching it would be There's still like a bit of sadness about it ending. So, I think it would be kind of like heartbreaking to watch cuz I still miss I was going to work and see my friends every day. Wait, why did you watch the pilot randomly? Um, It was like six Where was I? I was in Tulsa, Oklahoma shooting this movie and it was like, "Recommended for you, Riverdale." And I was like, "Haha, okay." What's wrong with me? And it was on like night shoots, so I was really over exhausted. I was like, "I'm going to turn it on and go to bed." I watched the whole thing. I'm sobbing in bed by myself. Like, hey, what's wrong with you? Are you okay? >> Honestly, really cute. That was really cute. >> I do I really Look, I really love the show and I think it was it was it was before its time and I think that's really great. Let's talk about your new movie, The Strangers: Chapter 2. Tell me everything. So, movie one is kind of like your typical home invasion film. They try to kill us. They succeed with one, you know. Um, and then the second movie is just me really fighting for my life more from them in the woods and this time in crazy circumstances, doing things I never thought I would do. I It's honestly, when I tell you I'm like, how the [ __ ] did I do this stuff when I watch it? It's like I black out. I don't know what's happening. >> What was the hardest scene to shoot? There's a scene that it's on my [ __ ] of course on my DN- DNRs, which I can't I can't talk about it specifically, but there's a scene where I work with a creature actor. Okay. >> And we had to VFX it into something else and I get into a full fight with this thing. And it's like it's really brutal and it's really insane and it was incredibly tough to shoot, and we had half a day to shoot it. It's supposed to be 2 days. We didn't have a time in the schedule, but it's so cool. It's so cool. You have another movie coming out, Maintenance Required. This is the complete opposite side of the spectrum, and we're talking about a romantic comedy, which I love. The girl has range, okay? She's got an axe next to her head. She's running. Oh, we're so scared. We're so scared. And then we're funny falling in love. >> in love. >> Okay, what do you think the Daddy Gang will love most about this movie? >> Okay, so Charlie, the lead character, me, um is a mechanic, and she's like a hot mechanic, and like I went to mechanic school, and like everything I'm doing is real. So, it's it's just really cool. Dude, it's so refreshing to actually hear like you learned how to pole dance from your other movie. You're learning to be a mechanic. >> Dude, I get paid to learn new skills. Why would I not want to do it? They're like, "We can get you a hand double." I'm like, "No. Put me in, coach." Like that sounds so much like why would I not want to do that? That's so fun. And it's like it's like a ode to I'm sure you've got mails probably before most of Daddy Gang's time. Never said Daddy Gang out loud. >> It's okay. Sounds good. I like it. Um but it's like an ode to those '90s, early '00s rom-coms that we all love, and I feel like we're trying to get back. It's the the haters-to-lovers trope. It's really fun. Jacob is brilliant in it, my co-star, and it's um it's really fun, and the love is earned. >> You're a producer on both of these movies. >> Mhm. What made you want to step into that role? I just If you can't tell by our conversation, I have like a naturally directorial brain, I feel like. So, I kind of especially being on Riverdale, where the kids kind of ran the show. Like we were there for so long that we learned everything we could possibly learn, especially the girls. Like we really soaked that up. We all have production companies now. Um so, I think it just comes naturally to me to produce. I just get it. I get scheduling. I understand how development works. I have a good brain for creative writing, and like it's just kind of it was a natural evolution. The Strangers I got offered 2 weeks before we started shooting, and I was like, "Hey, I love the concept. Script's got to be redone. Let's work on that." I go to Slovakia like 3 days later. I start working on the script with the writers and the producer. I'm like writing in Slovakia. And then it just kind of naturally evolved to me producing it. Same with Maintenance Required. It was a very similar process. That's really cool. So, because even just hearing like all the way back to the beginning of this interview, you talking about how you like loved the arts, you threw yourself into it, and now to be continuing to like build on what you love, it's so cool to see you now also like in these movies. Like it's just We love seeing you on our screens. >> I think. >> Um Madelaine, thank you so much for coming on. That was such a journey. That was It really was a journey. We literally started We go high, we go low, we go high, we go low. We went all over the place, but I feel like the fun thing about sitting down with you was like we see this version of you that we see on our screens in movies, television shows. We see you online. But to hear you actually talk more about who you are, where you came from, why you are the way you are, I think it's going to let your fans and mine just like fall more in love with you and really appreciate watching you grow. And I'm excited to see what the next decade holds for you, my girl. Thanks for making this such a safe space, my girl. Love you. >> Love you. >> That was really good. >> Yeah, it was really good. >> Bye.
